1

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

ABJCOIN COMMERCE
THE FIRST DECENTRALIZED FEELESS
ECOMMERCE MARKET PLACE
WHITE PAPER
LAST UPDATED 25/05/2018.

2

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

Important Disclaimer
PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE
ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR
OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements
of a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this
Whitepaper is accurate and up to date, such content in no way constitutes the provision of
professional advice. Abjcoin commerce does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability
whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness
of any material contained in this white paper. Investors and potential Abjcoin commerce
holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice before relying on or entering
into any commitment or transaction based on, material published in this white paper, which
material is purely published for reference purposes alone.
Abjcoin commerce will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This white
paper does not represent a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to
constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any
jurisdiction.
Abjcoin Commerce does not provide any opinion on any advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise
transact with Abjcoin Commerce and the fact of presentation of this white paper shall not
form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment concerning the
sale and purchase of Abjcoin commerce, and no cryptocurrency or another form of payment is
to be accepted on the basis of this White Paper.

3

This white paper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an
investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way nor should it be considered as an
offering of securities in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not include or contain any
information or indication that might be considered as a recommendation or that might be
used as a basis for any investment decision. Abjcoin commerce are just utility tokens which
can be used only on the Abjcoin commerce platform and are not intended to be used as an
investment. The offering of Abjcoin commerce on a trading platform is done in order to
allow the use of the Abjcoin commerce platform and not for speculative purposes. The
offering of Abjcoin commerce tokens on a trading platform does not change the legal
qualification of the tokens, which remain a simple means for the use of the Abjcoin
commerce platform and are not a security. Abjcoin commerce is not to be considered as an
advisor in any legal, tax or financial matters. Any information in the white paper is provided
for general information purposes only and Abjcoin commerce does not provide any warranty
The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. Abjcoin commerce is not a financial
intermediary according to Swiss law and is not required to obtain any authorization for Anti
Money Laundering purposes. Acquiring Abjcoin commerce shall not grant any right or
influence over Abjcoin commerce‟s organization and governance to the Purchasers.
Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated to
cryptocurrencies in the world. In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or actions
may impact Abjcoin commerce‟s business and even limit or prevent it from developing its
operations in the future. Any person undertaking to acquire Abjcoin commerce must be aware
of the Abjcoin commerce business model, the white paper or terms and conditions may
change or need to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance requirements from
any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. In such a case, purchasers and anyone undertaking to
acquire Abjcoin commerce acknowledge and understand that neither Abjcoin commerce nor
any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage caused by
such changes. Abjcoin commerce will do its utmost to launch its operations and develop the
Abjcoin commerce platform. Anyone undertaking to acquire Abjcoin commerce acknowledges
and understands that Abjcoin commerce does not provide any guarantee that it will manage
to achieve it. They acknowledge and understand therefore that Abjcoin commerce (incl. its
bodies and employees) assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would
result from or relate to the incapacity to use Abjcoin commerce, except in case of intentional
misconduct or gross negligence.
REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES
By participating, the purchaser agrees to the above and in particular, they represent and
warrant that they:
● have read carefully the terms and conditions attached to the white paper; agree to their
full contents and accept to be legally bound by them;
● are authorized and have full power to purchase Abjcoin commerce according to the laws
that apply in their jurisdiction of domicile;
● live in a jurisdiction which allows Abjcoin commerce to sell Abjcoin commerce through a
without requiring any local authorization;
● are familiar with all related regulations in the specific jurisdiction in which they are based
and that purchasing cryptographic coins in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or
subject to additional conditions of any kind;
● will not use Abjcoin commerce for any illegal activity, including but not limited to money
laundering and the financing of terrorism;
4

● have sufficient knowledge about the nature of the cryptographic coins and have significant
experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies of dealing with
cryptographic coins and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services;

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

● purchase Abjcoin commerce because they wish to have access to the Abjcoin commerce
platform;

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this White paper, statements made in press releases or in any
place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Abjcoin commerce or
their respective directors, advisors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of
Abjcoin commerce, that are not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward looking
statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as
“aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”,“estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”,
“may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”,

5

“will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of
identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding Abjcoin commerce financial
position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry
which Abjcoin commerce is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements, including but not limited to statements as to Abjcoin commerce‟s revenue and
profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters
discussed in this White Paper regarding Abjcoin commerce are matters that are not historic
facts, but only predictions. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance
or achievements of Abjcoin commerce to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. These factors include, amongst others: (a) changes in political, social, economic
and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the
countries in Abjcoin commerce conducts its respective operations; (b) the risk that Abjcoin
commerce may be unable or execute or implement their respective strategies and future
plans; (c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and
cryptocurrencies; (d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal
growth of Abjcoin commerce; (e) changes in the availability and fees payable to Abjcoin
commerce in connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes in the
availability and salaries of employees who are required by Abjcoin commerce to operate their
respective businesses and operations; (g) changes in preferences of participants of Abjcoin
commerce; (h) changes in the future capital needs of Abjcoin commerce and the availability
of financing and capital to fund such needs; (i) war or acts of international or domestic
terrorism; (j) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect operations of
Abjcoin commerce; (k) other factors beyond the control of Abjcoin commerce; and (l) any risk
and uncertainties associated with Abjcoin commerce and its businesses and operations,
including the tokens.

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

ABSTRACT
Welcome to the white paper of the first feeless ecommerce cryptocurrency, the Abjcoin
commerce has the potentiality to revolutionize the ecommerce eco system, banks and
financial sectors. With the innovative business model solution created by blockchain, any one
in possession of the Abjcoin has bought for his/herself an endless opportunity for the nearest
future that will guarantee a life of financial security.
In accordance to our projected road map, the Abjcoin commerce project plans to positively
up set the financial and ecommerce eco system of the market and labor force. It will change
how day to day transactions are being carried in and out. It will deliver transparency by
removing transaction over heads due to currency conversions, help avoid potential double
spend and real time smart blockchain integrations and processing.
The Abjcoin commerce is envisioned to deliver long term value to its owners. No coin will be
issued after the ICO crowd-sales thereby placing a limit, as the rest of the coin can be mined
only by the community. As the Abjcoin commerce enabled ecosystem grows, the utility of the
Abjcoin commerce will rise instantly. The intrinsic value of the coin is bound to increase
accordingly.
By definition, ecommerce or electronic commerce, is the buying and selling of products or
services through the Internet. For millions of persons, ecommerce is something we participate
in on a daily basis, like online bill payment or purchasing from an e-tailer.
Nowadays the thought of doing without ecommerce seems almost impossible, complicated
and an inconvenience to many. It wasn‟t until only a few decades ago that the idea of
ecommerce had even appeared simpler and easy
The history of ecommerce started 40 years ago and, to this day, continues to grow with new
technologies, innovations, and thousands of businesses entering the online market each year.
Electronic Data Interchanges and teleshopping in the 1970s paved the way for the modern day
ecommerce store. The history of ecommerce is closely intertwined with the history of the
internet. Online shopping only became possible when the internet was opened to the public in
1991. Amazon.com was one of the first ecommerce sites in the US to start selling products
online and thousands of businesses have followed since. The convenience, safety, and user
experience of ecommerce have improved exponentially since its inception.
6

The mid-nineties to 2000‟s saw major advancements in the commercial use of the Internet.
One of the first ecommerce sites is Amazon which launched in 1995 as an online bookstore
and has grown to be the largest online retailer in the world. Brick-and-mortar bookstores

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

were limited to about 200,000 titles and Amazon, being an online only store, without physical
limitations was able to offer exponentially more products to the shopper.
Currently, Amazon offers not only books but DVDs, CDs, MP3 downloads, computer software,
video games, electronics, apparel, furniture, food, and toys. A unique characteristic of
Amazon‟s website is the user review feature that includes a rating scale to rate a product.
Customer reviews are now considered the most effective social media tactic for driving sales.
The company attracts approximately 65 million customers to its U.S. website per month and
earned revenue of 34.204 billion in 2010. In 2001, Amazon.com launched its first mobile
commerce site.
Another of the first ecommerce site success stories is Ebay, an online auction site that
debuted in 1995. Other retailers like Zappos and Victoria Secret followed suit with online
shopping sites; Zappos being a web only operation.
Also in 1995, was the inception of Yahoo followed by Google in 1998, two leading search
engines in the US. These successful web directories began their own ecommerce subsidiaries
with Google Shopping and Yahoo! Auction, in following years.
Global ecommerce company, PayPal, began its services in 1998 and currently operates in 190
markets. The company is an acquired bank that performs payment processing for online
vendors, auction sites, and other commercial users. They allow their customers to send,
receive and hold funds in 24 currencies worldwide. Currently, PayPal manages more than 232
million accounts, more than 100 million of them active.
As more and more people began doing business online, a need for secure communication and
transactions became apparent. In 2004, the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council
(PCI) was formed to ensure businesses were meeting compliance with various security
requirements. The organization was created for the development, enhancement, storage,
dissemination and implementation of security standards for account data protection.
The growing use of the Internet, tablet devices, and smart phones coupled with larger
consumer confidence will see that ecommerce will continue to evolve and expand.
With social media growing exponentially in recent years, the conversation between businesses
and consumers has become more engaging, making it easier for transactional exchanges to
happen online. Internet retailers continue to strive to create better content and a realistic
shopping experience with technologies like augmented reality.

7

With mobile commerce gaining speed, more users are purchasing from the palm of their hand.
The market for mobile payments is expected to quadruple by 2014, reaching $630 billion in
value. Total sales in ecommerce have grown from $27.6 billion in 2000 to $143.4 billion in
2009 and in 2071, the market size of the ecommerce industry is estimated at $1.917 trillion.
These figures are expected to continue its growth for the foreseeable future.
However, this transition is not hassle free as there were lots of setbacks and limitation the
ecommerce industry were faced with which includes:

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

Product tracking
Stolen items
Lost on transit
And lots more
These issues made it almost impossible for the ecommerce industry to scale through but with
the introduction of disruptive technologies like blockchain, the ecommerce industry is on the
rise to greater by ensuring trustless, secured and feeless deliverance.
The Abjcoin commerce will leverage on the disruptive power of the blockchain technology to
solve pertinent problems of the ecommerce industry and create a viable environments for
business to strive.

8

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

Table of Content
What is AbjCoin----------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- 5
Features of AbjCoin ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------6
The ICO -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------8
Road Map------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------9
The use cases of AbjCoin---------------------------------------------------------------------------------11
Team members --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------14
Fund Distribution------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------17
Legal aspects/ disclaimer -------------------------------------------------------------------------------18

9

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

What is AbjCoin Commerce?
Abjcoin Commerce(ABJC) is a decentralize Application blockchain(DApp) disrupting the over
$1 trillion E-commerce industry through it fee-less and border-less marketplace that
facilitate the sales and distribution of goods and services across the world on a smart DApp
escrow. The Abjcoin DApp provides discount products prices for buyers and also enables
anyone to sell globally through their mobile phones without payment limitations, while also
rewarding Abjcoin commerce holders through DApp POS.
Abjcoin commerce is the first Blockchain solution that was specifically made for global
payment transactions, and financial services. Which when integrated to banking institutions
has a potential to speed boat transactions and make service delivery more efficient and
reduce the difficulty experienced by holders when using fiat currency.

10

We are in the biggest currency shift in human history and Abjc has the potential to become
the biggest smart transaction system in one of the largest economy globally. Abjcoin
commerce will be used as a better alternative for rendering financial services such as buying
and selling of goods and services between traders and the rest of the world. In addition to
existing options, we plan to make this become a global currency for her holders that can be
exchanged to other fiat currencies and altcoins.

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

We live in a period of rapid technological advancements that has shaped how businesses are
done and what business means. The upcoming generation will need a fast and reliable means
of transaction. They desire authenticity, security, reliable means of buying and selling. This is
the role Abjcoin commerce has come to play in the economy.

Features Of Abjcoin Commerce
Blockchain technology
Blockchain Technology is a decentralized ledger system that is transparent, immutable and
open for all parties involved in a transaction to have access to its data and get notification
each time the ledger is updated. Using cryptography and mathematics, blockchain provides a
decentralized data base for every transaction involving value which is immutable and
resistant to outages and its authenticity is verified by the entire community. Blockchain has
provided trusts between individuals no matter the distance between the two parties
eliminating third party institutions. Blockchain will disrupt some traditional institution
because of its ground-breaking features which enables anyone with an internet connection to
be able to participate in a transaction. One of the biggest industries that blockchain based
use will disrupt is the payment and banking services industries. Powered by the blockchain
technology, transfer of value between two parties across a decentralized network with little
transaction fees.
Some of the features of a decentralized ledger technology that makes it the technology of
the future include;
a) Universal Recognition: With the emergence of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies,
Blockchain technology has gained a global recognition. Lots of industries are now adopting it.
Lots innovative ideas are being worked on currently which will be hosted on the Blockchain
network.
b) Anonymity: The feature makes the Blockchain truly decentralized, with no checks, this
helps protect the people behind the transaction by hiding their identity.
c) Lower fees and smart contract: This awesome feature makes the transaction on the
Blockchain less expensive and no need for a third party to confirm the transaction.

11

d)Transparency: The technology Blockchain technology is behind the innovation of
cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin makes it possible that all parties involved in a transaction can
both monitor and have a copy of the transaction, hence making it decentralized. This feature
of Blockchain further fosters trust and honesty between the sender and the receiver of any
business transactions carried out.
Blockchain technology will help industries to be more efficient, reliable and trusted. Indeed,
Blockchain Is the future of innovation.

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

Blockchain is the foundation of the AbjCoin Commerce and is the next “industrial revolution”.
It is a decentralized system with enhanced security, simple in design and inexpensive to
operate. The ledger system allows for transactions to be done with complete accuracy
because it is a fusion of computer peer-to-peer (p2p) technology, cryptography and database
systems. The fusion of these technologies will lead to a system that is immutable and
irreversible, meaning that transactions cannot be tampered with when signed and
transferred. Transactions become final and there is no double-spending. Cryptography is
utilized for encrypting messages on the ledger, but is significantly used for signing of
transactions by users and to proof these transactions. With cryptography, blockchain does not
require supplementary security solutions to protect the authenticity of transactions.
Blockchain‟s decentralized and p2p nature means that the ledger eliminates the need for a
data-centre and a disaster recovery centre (DRC) or intermediaries that houses core systems.
POW/POS.
The AbjCoin is a cryptocurrency that is built upon blockchain, which is underpinned by the
consensus mechanism called the Proof-of-work (POW)/ proof of stake(POS). The POW is
similar to Proof-of-Stake (POS) with the main difference being that it integrates behavior
trusted to be positive for the entire economy, while POS derives importance from the user„s
account balance.ABJ Coin major algorithm is that of Proof-of-Stake (POS), because it does
not require large scale computing resources for maintaining the Blockchain. The ABJ COIN
network emphasizes security and trust-less computing. The AbjCoin blockchain is run by a
network of nodes operating together in a p2p configuration. The nodes record and verify
transactions that are transmitted on the network. At block time (periodic intervals), these
transactions are grouped together and then go through a hashing process that connects them
to previous blocks. The network‟s participants are anonymous and there is no restriction on
their caliber.
The new Abjcoin commerce blockchain will come with the new POS V3 feature staying up to
date with the new era of the blockchain technology.
Master Node
With the new Abjcoin commerce will come with a master node. A master node is simply a
cryptocurrency full node or computer wallet that keeps the full copy of the blockchain in
real-time, just like your have Bitcoin full nodes and is always up & running. Some of the
special functions that these nodes perform are:
Increasing privacy of transactions
Doing instant transactions
12

Participating in governance and voting
Enable budgeting and treasury system in crypto

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

API (Application Programming Interface)
The dot-com era saw a number of startups grow into massive online agencies, disrupting
traditional means of buying and selling and creating more convenience and flexibility for
users. Sharing economy services like blockchain are continuing this tradition of disrupting
industries through convenience and flexibility. AbjCoin will continue this tradition of
disruption in the financial industry as a single hub underpinned by the tokens issued through
integration with our APIs.
Trade Market
ABJ coin major focus is to provide borderless means of payments between Nigeria and the
rest of the world. In doing this, AbjCoin will provide an exchange market where it can be
traded to different country‟s fiat currencies. We intend to integrate AbjCoin as a payment
processor, this will enhance a mass adoption of AbjCoin among the parties involved in the
transaction since there is a ready market where it can be traded and exchanged to fiat
currencies. Unlike other means of cryptocurrency exchange where it is been traded for
Bitcoin, AbjCoin will provide direct trade access to local fiat currencies helping indigenous
currencies to thrive.
.

13

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

The AbjCoin Commerce Use Case
The AbjCoin will be a tool of national development if embraced, it will help reduce loss, curb
financial irregularities and create a transparent ledger system that will make security
paramount.
We are in an era of business and commerce where trust is the currency on which business
models are built on, the centralized system of business has not only limited trust but also
hindered most exchange of goods and services to occur which has a dwindling effect on the
economy.
Payment
AbjCoin can be used for payments of goods and service, for E-commerce, online and offline
transactions.
Banking Services
 Correspondent Banking services; one of the major roles of the banking institution is to
act as an intermediary between two parties for the transfer of funds either interstate
or intrastate. In most cases, this transition is slow and hence affects business, If banks
will integrate AbjCoin Api to their payment system that builds trust and swift transfer
of funds, In and out of the country, it will enable quick service delivery.
 Distributed assets trading: we can use AbjCoin in trading and stock exchange but this
time, it is distributed and data are immutable and everyone can see it.

14

Export/ Import
This sector of the economy contributes to the economy massively but is often limited
due to conversion rates and unseen over-head charges which limits and slows down the
movement of goods and services.
 AbjCoin will be integrated into several E-commerce and trade systems to enable
Nigerians exchange goods and services internationally with ABJ coin as it means of
payment thereby breaking the trade limitations placed on fiat.
 Transparency: One of the breakthroughs that blockchain technology has brought into
the financial system is transparency, where parties involved in a transaction can have

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

equal access to it and constantly check up on it. This has enabled transparent
transactions.
in accordance with our road maps to achieving the aforementioned objective, we have
integrated Abjcoin into www.coineasybuy.com an E-ecommerce platform which
enables Nigerians to purchase goods from China and the U.S.A using AbjCoin as a
means of payment, and also to sell their goods and be paid with AbjCoin.
Smart Contracts
With the emergence of blockchain, contracts can now be signed and stored in the
blockchain and be rest assured that the contract will not be altered.

Enhance Currency Rate
With the emergence of the AbjCoin blockchain, the currency rate will appreciate
against other currency by providing exchange at the official Central Bank of Nigeria in
its trade.
Serve as a token
Abjcoin commerce blockchain through its trading market will serve as a token for
other upcoming other Digital assets .

15

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

Legal Aspects and Disclaimer
Due to the retrospective nature of regulatory action, our team can make no guarantees
regarding the legality of the platform or launch of ICO campaign in any given jurisdiction. We
must operate our business in accordance with the laws of relevant jurisdictions. As such,
AbjCoin may not be immediately available in certain countries. We will keep AbjCoin buyers
informed based on quarterly investment reports. All legal, financial and operational aspects
of the AbjCoin, protocols and associated financial eco systems will be coordinated by a
central management team.
Please also review our Terms and Conditions before purchasing AbjCoin commerce.

Summary
There is no better way to create prosperity and wealth distribution. As more people are
participating and sharing in the new economy, our lives and prosperity can only improve.
Technologies are reshaping and disrupting the traditional business model. The tiny savings
realized by each individual in a particular economic sector will add up and be utilized in other
areas such as health care, education, etc. Abjcoin commerce believes in this transformation
and is poised to bridge the gap in the sharing economy. The ecommerce industry will be safer
and efficient if Abjc is adopted. Abjcoin commerce is structured in a dynamic way such that it
betters the ecommerce ecosystem, with Abjc powered by the disruptive features of
blockchain, its potentials are limitless and anyone who truly wants to create sufficient wealth
for him/ her.
All of the Abjcoin commerce roadmap offerings are proven technologies that exist in today‟s
society, but the AbjC Project is uniquely capable of bringing all of these concepts,
technologies and business uses together in one offering that will be continuously upgraded,
and can bring together everyone into an inclusive, efficient, more empowered Community.
This is a unique opportunity to get into some of the fastest growing economic segments in the
world.

16

The Abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org |

