ICO Process White Paper by AMPLE! Group
Promoting Cosplayer Professionalism

Whitepaper version 1.4
Last Updated: 2017/12/3

Background
The animation market in Japan exceeded 1.8 trillion yen in 2015 amidst a record-breaking pace of sales over
three consecutive years. The expanding market trend continues, putting annual value within reach of 2 trillion
yen.
Through the rapid penetration of VOD and other services future-forward, the distribution of Japanese animation
content abroad is expected to increase; in turn, this growth will fuel the population growth of cosplayers around
the globe. The cosplay and associated markets (enthusiastsʼ groups, cosplay apparel, maid and cosplay
services) have actually grown year on year to comprise a market today of 130 billion yen.

The portrait lighting function implemented on the iPhone8 (announced on September 13, 2017) and other
advances to mobile cameras as of late suggest that the creative activities of cosplayers will occur more and
more within an immediate armʼ s reach.
Alongside these recent trends described above, the cosplay platform AMPLE! launched in 2012 under the
mantle of bringing people all around the world together through cosplay and has grown to host 70,000 photos
posted by subscribers in 70 countries.
With the goal of evolving AMPLE! beyond a global cosplayer community through the introduction of AMPLE!
Coin (ACO), a proprietary cryptocurrency, funding will be instituted through an initial coin oﬀering (ICO).

About this ICO
ICO (Initial Coin Oﬀering) is a method for procuring funds via the issuing and selling of original digital tokens. It
is a diﬀerent form of transferring equity than that of stocks, and is more similar to crowd funding in that you are
simply purchasing tokens. At the time of sale for this token, it will not be recognized as Cryptcurrency. In order
for it to be recognized as Cryptcurrency, you must ﬁrst circulate the token through a Cryptcurrency exchange for
it to become recognized as a Cryptcurrency. In other words, strictly speaking, ICO is not a method of raising
funds, but is a sales method for cryptocurrency. As for the buyers, instead of an investor investing in a project,
they are a buyer of the token.

2

Table of Contents
AMPLE! Ecosystem Structure

4

Overview of AMPLE!
Vision of AMPLE!
Stage Progression of Taking Vision to Fruition
Usage of Cryptocurrency
Markets

11

Animation Market
Cosplay Market
Current Proﬁle of AMPLE!

13

Number of Subscribers
Breakdown by Country
Number of Posted Photos
SNS Account Impact
“AMPLE! Coin (ACO)”

14

Description
Issuance of ACO
AMPLE! Market Engine
Bonus Distribution to Contributors in ACO Economy
ICO Process

16

Presale Overview
Token Sale Overview
Beneﬁts to Early Buyers
Beneﬁts to Volume Buyers
Security Considerations

18

Consent to Covenants

18

Team

19

AMPLE! Group

21

Revision History

22

3

Ⅰ. AMPLE! Ecosystem Structur
Overview of AMPLE!
The platform service AMPLE! is for cosplayers worldwide, and currently such cosplayers using the services are
in Japan, North America, Europe, Asia, Oceania, etc. The specialty site for cosplay posts emerged in October
2012 to enable free expression of worlds held among cosplayers from around the world, and has operated with
its purpose focused on compiling relatively high-quality cosplayer images.
Currenty, the citizenship of users are from 70 countries, and number of posts of photos has reached 70,000, and
the site continues to provide world-class cosplay images at high quality.

[AMPLE! Oﬃcial site] http://ample-cosplay.com/

4

Vision of AMPLE!

Turning“Cosplayer”
into a profession.

To date, AMPLE! has operated its mission
under the mantle of bringing people all around
the world together through cosplay. The eﬀort
for the next few years will be to develop
professional cosplayers.
Some cosplayers, in fact, have successfully
turned their activities into a professional
occupation; however, we believe there is
considerable room for growth across the entire
industry in this regard. As Youtubers have
gained professional status, the entire cosplay
market domain can be ampliﬁed to create a
system to pay suﬃcient recompense that will
lead to as many occupational cosplayers as
possible.

5

Stage Progression of Taking Vision to Fruition

STAGE 1

Provisioning a platform to create an economy around
cosplayers globally

STAGE 2

Cosplayers transform into content and go global

STAGE 3

Mainstreaming professional cosplayers

STAGE 1

Provisioning a platform to create an economy around cosplayers globally

The ﬁrst course of action will be to provide tools that enable the 7,000 cosplayers currently registered to
respectively procure funds. Fans will discover their favorite cosplayers located throughout the world and lend
support with ACO, an easy wayto become a patron (supporter) of a particular cosplayer.
Cosplayers and fans connect virtually online as cosplayers express themselves freely on their own individual
stage. Patrons can spend ACO to support their favorite cosplayers in real time. Plans call for active patrons to
obtain exclusive oﬀers from such cosplayers.

ACO

A!

・Invitations to events

Cosplayer

・Merchandise
・Discount of products

Sponsor

6

AMPLE! has previously instituted a loyalty program called AMPLE! Point System, whereby fans can send gifts to
their favorite cosplayers. The points in circulation through this loyalty program, however, have been limited in
usage for securing preferred publication space on AMPLE! The limitation has proven to be a bottleneck and a
challenge that has thwarted circulation growth.
What happened? In the past, monetary and legal hurdles impeded our desires to achieve a world that could
uphold our ideals. This ICO process will enable funding to clear these hurdles. As we learn from past mistakes,
the circulation of cryptocurrency ACO will support global, supportive transactions that will generate diverse
expression.
Moreover, as we strive to provide a world to enable free expression among cosplayers, those with particularly
individualistic expression will be provided with a system to facilitate funding that will generate even more
diverse expression.
When our ideal world is created, AMPLE! will have become the platform representing cosplayers in such a way
as to create an economy around cosplayers.

STAGE 2

Cosplayers transform into content and go global

Registered cosplayers will provide live commerce services that enable a straight-forward global development of
their own content. Fans from around the world will gain convenient access to information about their favorite
cosplayers, and AMPLE! will spawn numerous small economies around such cosplayers with this service.
The platform exploiting the latest technology will allow cosplayers to be their own curator and introduce various
content and product as live video and VR video to their fans. Cosplayers to date have primarily performed in
physical space, but with the latest technology the breadth of expression and means of delivering the art have
enlarged. Consequently, cosplayers who couldnʼ t gain exposure previously have an opportunity to portray their
distinctive world and gain support from many more fans. The real-time connection aﬀorded between adoring
fans and their favorite cosplayers will enable fans to purchase such content with ACO.
Provisioning a system to deliver content expediently and globally for all cosplayers wherever they reside in the
world will seed small economies centered on those cosplayers around the globe. We foresee communities
emerging with distinctive character tuned to each cosplayer in these economies, a world where cosplayers and
fans mutually support each other. This is the world we currently are contemplating.

Support & Purchasingoods

ACO

A!

Sponsorship Limited

Cosplayer

Live video

Sponsor

7

This process will solidify the status of AMPLE! as a platform that can generate cosplayer economies.

STAGE 3

Mainstreaming professional cosplayers

AMPLE! intends to provide comprehensive support to cosplayers active on the platform. Funds procured for
operations with take the form all eﬀorts required in enhancing promotional activities and values for the entire
cosplay industry.
In the process of cosplayers engaging in activities on the platform described above, support functions will
become necessary. Consequently, AMPLE! intends to oﬀer the following support to cosplayers worldwide.

●

Production and sales support of merchandise

●

Live event support

DVDs, photobooks, and ﬁgures of cosplayers attaining

A system will be provided for live events to be held

a certain rating level within AMPLE! are produced for

online through live streaming and VR technologies,

sale on a global marketplace.

so that distinctive cosplayer worlds can be shared
globally.

●

Phototaking event support

●

Live-action anime

Joint phototaking parties with popular cosplayers will

After entering into collaborative relationships with

be held periodically around the world.

rights holders, popular animation content will be
produced as live action movies on a popular layer
and streamed on VOD services.

8

●

Stage performances

●

Assembling of idol groups

We will enter into collaborative relationships with

Selected members will form idol groups as part of

rights holders and produce popular animation titles for

establishing the “cosplay idol” genre and engage in

the stage. Eﬀective utilization of AR and sensor

activities beyond the conﬁnes of particular

technologies will produce a stage integrated with the

countries

audience̶more than merely a platform.

The support described provides a lineup approximating the function of a production company engaged across
various domains.

The function as production company, as well as the following business development will enable AMPLE! to
contribute to further awareness and enhancement for the cosplay industry.

●

Large-scale events

●

Alliance with events in other domains

Several renowned cosplay events exist around the

Events like e-Sports not necessarily events familiar

world; plans here call for large-scale events with

to the fan segments and fashion events supported

slightly changes in orientation to be held.

by teen subscribers will be targetted for on-site
assignment of cosplayers.

●

School established to support cosplayers.
In order to raise the bar across the entire industry, we
will open a special school to support cosplayers.
Currently, predecessors in the industry have achieved
high standards in cosplay through individual trial and
error. Structuring this expertise will lead to learning
content available online and oﬄine to people around
the world.
Instruction curricula at this school include makeup,
clothing and accessories, photography, space design,
song, dance, voice talent, performance, programming,
video production, music composition, and writing̶a
diverse range. The purpose is to enable acquisition of
professional skills associated with cosplay, anime,

●

Supplier of video anime and manga content

with free copyrights

Cosplay typically involves a subject, a primary
creative work, from which the individual work is
created. Depending on circumstances of the rights
owner, however, some works do not allow the
desired cosplay activity.
AMPLE! is considering production in the future of
content like videos, anime, and manga that
cosplayers can use freely.
By generating primary creative works with free
copyrights, AMPLE! can further support cosplayer
activitites, and portray the world being promoted.

and manga. ACO can be used for receiving the
education.
The opportunity to learn is provided not only to
cosplayers, but others with interests in peripheral
disciplines. The bar will rise for the cosplay industry,
and the ACO economy will expand to peripheral
domains.

All of the processes above enable AMPLE! to mainstream occupational cosplayers
9

Usage of Cryptocurrency
The cryptocurrency AMPLE! coin (ACO) to be issued at this time will undergo circulation along the entire stream
provided in the Stage Progression of Taking Vision to Fruition set forth above. ACO will be tendered across all
layers worldwide for direct support, product sales, and admissions to exclusive events, and applied to diverse
payment means in this space.

AMPLE! as production

ACO

ETH

Training / Producing

ACO

Exclusive oﬀers
Cosplayer

Merchandise

Sponsor

ACO

Merchandise

ACO

External e-commerce site
/ Cosplay event

As shown in the ﬁgure, ACO is used chieﬂy among cosplayers and their supporting fans. We wish to enable
ubiquitous usage of ACO in the space as currency.
For this to happen, technical integration with other companiesʼ services without limitation to the AMPLE!
platform will take place, while an enormous application array will be provided to cosplayers and fans on the
AMPLE! platform.
As cosplayers circulate ACO across the platform that enables unfettered expressions of their own worlds, they
will enhance the quality of their creative activity, while strong ties between fans and their favorite cosplayers
become possible. By connecting cosplayers and fans spread out globally through cryptocurrency unconstrained
by national borders, the issuance of this cryptocurrency should contribute to enhancing the entire market, in our
assessment.

10

Ⅱ. Markets
Animation Market
As stated in the Background, the animation market in Japan has grown to more than 1.8 trillion yen (TV, movies,
videos, Internet delivery, and merchandising), and animation content sales overseas has grown to 35 billion yen.

Anime Market Growth and Japan Anime Content Export Value
(2016 Anime Industry Report, Association of Japanese Animations)

2,000 billion（USD）

40 billion（USD）

1,500

30

1,000

20

500

10

0

0
2009

2010

Anime of market size（Billion）

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

Export value（Billion）

Japanese animation, manga, and game content is believed to be slated for rapid worldwide penetration through
expanded VOD services enabled via increasingly faster Internet connections. The production of high-budget
live-action versions of Japanese animated series abroad such as the U.S. production of ONE PIECE, a project
that boasts unprecedented production budget oﬀers another indicator in this respect.
ACO will ride on this wave of market expansion, and eventually aim to become a common currency for the
purchase and sale of animation content throughout the world.

11

Cosplay Market
The cosplay and associated markets (enthusiastsʼ association, cosplay apparel, maid and cosplay services) have
actually grown year on year to comprise a market today of 130 billion yen.Famous cosplayers in Japan such as
Enako and Otogi Nekomu have earned large proﬁts on photobooks at spot sales targeting fan associations and
signing oﬃcial cosplayer contracts associated with advertising animations and games; the number of individuals
engaged as occupational cosplayers has been increasing.
With subscribers in 70 countries around the world, AMPLE! will introduce ACO to virtual gifts and product sales
to create a professional cosplayer environment.

12

Ⅲ. Current Proﬁle of AMPLE!
Number of Subscribers
More than 7,200 registered cosplayers from 70 countries.

Breakdown by Country

Canada

0.8%

Germany

0.9%

Vietnam

1.0%

Argentina

1.1%

Australia

1.3%

Brazil

1.3%

Mexico

2.0%

Thailand

2.1%

Singapore

2.1%

Philippines

2.2%

Korea

2.5%

Russia

2.8%

Malaysia

2.2%

United States

3.7%

Indonesia

5.3%

27.2%
Japan

16.7%
Taiwan

8.1%

Hong Kong

8.1%
China

Number of Posted Photos (as of Oct 2, 2017)
69,455 枚

SNS Account Impact (as of October 2, 2017)
●

Facebook: 197,245

●

Twitter: 7,852

●

instagram: 5,816

13

Ⅳ. AMPLE! Coin (ACO)
Description
AMPLE! will issue the open source cryptocurrency called AMPLE!
Coin (ACO). ACO will become the counted monetary unit for
services to be settled within the AMPLE! economy, and the
standard for interoperation with other digital services.
ACO is anticipated to gain introduction into the public Ethereum
block chain as an ERC20 token, and transactions to be made at
the cryptocurrency exchange where ACO will be exchangeable
and transferable like other cryptocurrencies.

Issuance of ACO
Of a total supply of 1 billion ACO, AMPLE! will distribute 300 million ACO in the ICO process. The proceeds of
this process will be used for the operations, marketing, development, legal aﬀairs, and structuring of a
monitoring organization for AMPLE! and ACO. Another allotment of 300 million ACO will be initially placed with
AMPLE (allocated to board members, angel investors, and advisors), and the remaining 400 million ACO will be
strategically used to develop the AMPLE! economy over the long term.
ACO allotted to AMPLE! upfront will

ACO Allotment

be released in 10% parcels every
three months. For terminological
convenience, the system to manage

AMPLE!

this allotment of 400 million ACO is

Market Engine

called AMPLE! Market Engine. At
the initial phase, the AMPLE! Market

30%

30%

ICO process

Engine schema locks the 400 million
ACO, which are unlocked under the
prescribed timeline.

40%

14

AMPLE! Market Engine

Purpose
ACO distributed within AMPLE! Market Engine are circulated according to the engine mechanism for continual
development of the AMPLE! economy.

Supply Timeline
ACO distributed within AMPLE! Market Engine are released according to the initially deﬁned timeline. From the
moment the engine and new AMPLE! platformʼ s main features are released, 12% of the remaining ACO balance
is unlocked perennially, of which 1% is released each month over the course of that year. Released ACO are
allocated to development, maintenance and operation of the engine at the minimum required percentage rate,
and the bulk remaining is awarded as bonuses to contributors to the AMPLE! economy.

Bonus Distribution to Contributors in ACO
The new AMPLE! will rate inﬂuencers according to a proprietary index to assign monthly rankings (deﬁned as
AMPLE! Score for convenience here as the unit for rating measurements). AMPLE! scores will be awarded by a
function that can comprehensively rate the following items.

●

Image quality

●

Support spend

●

Image posts

●

AMPLE! active ratio

●

Merchandise purchase

Inﬂuencers will be ranked according to the standard of earned AMPLE! scores, and ranked inﬂuencers and their
supporters will earn ACO bonus distributions. Several options exist for the speciﬁc rating method, which will be
ﬁnalized after repeated hypothesis and validation after the renewed service goes live.
The distribution ratio of inﬂuencer to supporters will be 1 : 1. For supporters, the proportion of support extended
by any supporter to a respective inﬂuencer out of the total amount of support for any given month will be the
proportion of bonus received out of the total bonus allocated to supporters of any inﬂuencer.

15

Ⅴ. ICO Process
The AMPLE! ICO process is as follows: pre-sale, token sale, and listing on virtual currency exchange. The
minimum target for proceeds obtained through the current process is set at [3030.303 ETH]. If the proceeds do
not reach this ﬁgure, all ETH will be refunded. Even if the procurement amount is less than 100 million yen by
rate at the end of token sale, we will refund it.(For rate calculation of ETH / JPY, refer to the value of CoinGecko
(https://www.coingecko.com/).

Pre-sale Overview
●

Presale period (Japan Time):
November 15 (Wed.), 2017 12:00 ‒ November 30 (Thu.), 2017, 11:59

●

Transaction currency:
Ethereum（ETH）

●

Distribution price:
1 ETH = 1,650ACO

Token Sale Overview
●

Token sale period (Japan Time):
December 5 (Tue.), 2017 12:00 ‒ January 15 (Mon.), 2018, 11:59

●

Transaction currency:
Ethereum（ETH）

●

Distribution price:
1ETH = 1,100ACO

16

Beneﬁts to Early Buyers
The Pre-sale subscribers may purchase ACO at 2/3 (1ETH = 1650 ACO) of the price to be oﬀered at the token
sale.Also from 28th October, we will conduct Premium Sale for limited investors who have passed the
examination prior to pre-sales for the general public. (The Premium Sale has been ﬁnished.)

Pre-sale rate ETH/ACO

1,650 ACO

Token sale rate ETH/ACO

1,100 ACO

Beneﬁts to Volume Buyers
Buyers of 150ETH or more are provided with a 10% bonus, and buyers of 300ETH or more are provided with a
20% bonus.
Pre-sale rate ETH/ACO

Token sale rate ETH/ACO

less than 150 ETH

1,650 ACO

1,100 ACO

150 ETH 〜

1,815 ACO

1,210 ACO

300 ETH 〜

1,980 ACO

1,320 ACO

17

Ⅵ. Security Considerations
Our technical team has previously been engaged in development requiring high-level security, including a joint
project with a company listed on the ﬁrst section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and an e-Learning system and
an Internet ﬁling system respectively used by several hundred thousand people.
Although we hear daily about serious hacking damages related to ICO funding, we continue learning and
applying lessons from the past to provide fully assured security measures using the combined knowledge of the
group.

Ⅶ. Consent to Covenants
Detailed covenants that all sale subscribers must consent to will be disclosed on the oﬃcial website before the
start of the pre-sale.

18

Ⅷ. チーム

Genki Shimoda

Jun Ohyama

Michael Sodaro

While studying at Aoyama Gakuin

After serving as director for a web

Born in California, Michael has been

University, Genki actively to part in a

production company, Jun was put in

involved with blockchain technology

venture company. After only two

charge of new project planning and

for over 7 years, and has even been

months with the company, he set the

service management for Enigmo Inc.

involved in smart contract

company record for highest sales.

After joining Hitomedia Inc., he

development projects. He is part of

Genki then went on to be a part of

became involved in the launching of

the ﬁrst graduating class of Code

several startups before becoming an

new services, joint projects with other

Chrysalis, Japanʼ s ﬁrst Silicon Valley

engineer, and being put in charge of

companies, and has participated in

style coding boot camp. At AMPLE!,

development. He is currently involved

joint research with Keio University on

Michael is in charge of digital token

in the 0→1 technology management of

industry-academia. Jun also provides

development.

5 services. In September 2017, he was

to investee companies. In September

appointed representative for AMPLE!

2016, he was appointed director of

Ltd.

AMPLE! Ltd.

CEO & CTO

COO

Engineering

Piyon Yumiyon

Keita Ishibashi

Tomohiro Sawai

After working as a server side

While still in University, Keita

Tomohiro joined Accenture after

engineer for KAYAC Inc., Piyon

participated in the establishment of

graduating from University. He

founded IREMONO Inc. Later, after

an educational business. At the time,

engaged in project management,

selling web media FEELY, worked as a

nearly 800 members gained

business planning strategy, and the

web server and media advisor for

experience in building platforms for

support of new business launches. For

numerous businesses. His concept in

learning and site creation . In 2015, he

his eﬀorts, he obtained the highest

life is, “Do the things you like, in the

joined a design oﬃce where he

internal performance rating (SA). In

places you like, with the people you

designed the website for a major

2016, he became fascinated with the

like.” At AMPLE!, Piyon is in charge of

educational company and also worked

climate and natural features of

marketing.

on front end development. Afterwards,

Miyazaki Prefecture, and moved there

he changed jobs joining Hitomedia

from Tokyo. After his move, he

Inc. who is actively involved in

established BAKEON Corp. where he

investing in startups. He has had a

mainly worked as a free consultant in

hand in the design of corporate sites,

charge of projects for national clients.

service sites, landing pages, the

Tomohiro is in charge of project

UI/UX design of apps, as well as logo

management and engineering.

Marketing

Design

designs. At AMPLE!, Keita is in charge
of design.

Engineering

19

Kohei Kobayashi

Akihito Hama

Kohei joined IREMONO Inc. as a

Akihito joined Works Applications Co.,

director. While playing with nature he

Ltd. as an engineer. Afterwards, he

worked to grow web services.

engaged in IT education in Papua New

Afterwards, he joined DeSC

Guinea as a JICA volunteer. After

Healthcare, Inc. were he was involved

traveling around southeast and central

in editing work for the healthcare

Asia, he provided web services to the

ﬁeld. Currently he read manga and

locals of Myanmar. While in Myanmar,

watches anime in Tokyo. At AMPLE!,

he launched the Myanmar branch of

Kohei is in charge of service design

the WCS (World Cosplay Summit) with

and community management.

the help of the local cosplay

Service Disign & Community Management

PR

community. Akihito currently resides
in Tokyo where he works for a
company engaged in IT development.
There, he is engaged in business in
Myanmar, as well as throughout the
rest of Asia. He is also actively
engaged in creating an environment in
which cosplayers around the world
can freely enjoy their activities to their
hearts content.

20

Ⅸ. AMPLE! Group
About us
●

Name
AMPLE Group.

●

address
B2F, 3-1-35, Moto-azabu, Minato-ku, Tokyo,

●

representative
Genki Shimoda

●

Description of business
The platform service for cosplayers

History
Oct 2012

Website launched under the concept for a simple, stylish cosplay site

June 2013

Launch of global development

April 2014

Over 40,000 image posts hosted

March 2015

Provisioning of AMPLE! Points starts

Oct 2015

Joint photo contest with Halloween event GLAY LiB CAFE 2015 HAPPY HALLOWEEN
sponsored by GLAY

May 2017

Joint sponsorship of WCS Myanmar to develop cosplayers in new countries
Over 60,000 image posts hosted

Sep 2017

Announcement of funding through ICO process

21

Ⅹ. Revision History
2017/11/06 p16 Changed the date of Pre-Sale and TokenSale (version 1.2)
2017/11/13 p16 Deleted the maximum supply of ACO at Pre-sale (version 1.3)
2017/11/13 p16 Deleted the minimum purchase quantity of ACO at Pre-Sale and TokenSale (version 1.3)
2017/11/13 p17 ACO/JPY → ETH/ACO (version 1.3)
2017/12/30 p16 ﬁx typo (version 1.4)

22

