	  

	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  

	  
	  
	  

All	  Sports	  Blockchain	  Open	  Platform	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

NOTICE	  
	  
NOTHING	   IN	   THIS	   WHITEPAPER	   CONSTITUTES	   LEGAL,	   FINANCIAL,	   BUSINESS	   OR	   TAX	  
ADVICE	  AND	  YOU	  SHOULD	  CONSULT	  YOUR	  OWN	  LEGAL,	  FINANCIAL,	  TAX	  OR	  OTHER	  
PROFESSIONAL	   ADVISER	   BEFORE	   ENGAGING	   IN	   ANY	   ACTIVITY	   IN	   CONNECTION	  
HEREWITH.	  NEITHER	  ALL	  SPORTS	  FOUNDATION	  LTD.	  (THE	  FOUNDATION),	  ANY	  OF	  THE	  
PROJECT	  TEAM	  MEMBERS	  WHO	  HAVE	  WORKED	  ON	  THE	  ALL	  SPORTS	  PLATFORM	  (AS	  
DEFINED	   HEREIN)	   OR	   PROJECT	   TO	   DEVELOP	   THE	   ALL	   SPORTS	   PLATFORM	   IN	   ANY	   WAY	  
WHATSOEVER	  (THE	  ALL	  SPORTS	  TEAM)	  NOR	  ANY	  SERVICE	  PROVIDER	  SHALL	  BE	  LIABLE	  
FOR	  ANY	  KIND	  OF	  DIRECT	  OR	  INDIRECT	  DAMAGE	  OR	  LOSS	  WHATSOEVER	  WHICH	  YOU	  
MAY	  SUFFER	  IN	  CONNECTION	  WITH	  ACCESSING	  THIS	  WHITEPAPER,	  THE	  WEBSITE	  AT	  
HTTP://ALLSPORTSCHAIN.COM	   OR	   ANY	   OTHER	   MATERIALS	   PUBLISHED	   BY	   THE	  
FOUNDATION.	  
	  
All	  contributions	  will	  be	  applied	  towards	  the	  Foundation's	  objects,	  including	  without	  
limitation	   promoting	   the	   research,	   design	   and	   development	   of,	   and	   advocacy	   for	   a	  
decentralised,	   globalised	   sports	   blockchain	   platform	   which	   is	   deeply	   rooted	   in	   the	  
sports	  industry	  ecosystem,	  enabling	  free-­‐flow	  of	  sharing	  and	  transmission	  of	  values	  by	  
all	  users	  and	  participants	  in	  the	  industry	  and	  a	  variety	  of	  blockchain-­‐based	  applications	  
in	  the	  sports	  industry,	  and	  promoting	  the	  safe	  and	  harmonious	  development	  of	  the	  
open	  source	  blockchain	  community	  ecosystem.	  
	  
This	   Whitepaper	   is	   intended	   for	   general	   informational	   purposes	   only	   and	   does	   not	  
constitute	   a	   prospectus,	   an	   offer	   document,	   an	   offer	   of	   securities,	   a	   solicitation	   for	  
investment,	   or	   any	   offer	   to	   sell	   any	   product,	   item	   or	   asset	   (whether	   digital	   or	  
otherwise).	  The	  information	  herein	  below	  may	  not	  be	  exhaustive	  and	  does	  not	  imply	  
any	  elements	  of	  a	  contractual	  relationship.	  There	  is	  no	  assurance	  as	  to	  the	  accuracy	  or	  
completeness	   of	   such	   information	   and	   no	   representation,	   warranty	   or	   undertaking	   is	  
or	  purported	  to	  be	  provided	  as	  to	  the	  accuracy	  or	  completeness	  of	  such	  information.	  
Where	  this	  Whitepaper	  includes	  information	  that	  has	  been	  obtained	  from	  third	  party	  
sources,	  the	  Foundation	  and/or	  the	  All	  Sports	  team	  have	  not	  independently	  verified	  
the	  accuracy	  or	  completion	  of	  such	  information.	  
	  
This	  Whitepaper	  does	  not	  constitute	  any	  offer	  by	  the	  Foundation	  or	  the	  All	  Sports	  team	  
to	   sell	   any	   SOC	   (as	   defined	   herein)	   nor	   shall	   it	   or	   any	   part	   of	   it	   nor	   the	   fact	   of	   its	  
presentation	   form	   the	   basis	   of,	   or	   be	   relied	   upon	   in	   connection	   with,	   any	   contract	   or	  
investment	  decision.	  Nothing	  contained	  in	  this	  Whitepaper	  is	  or	  may	  be	  relied	  upon	  as	  
a	   promise,	   representation	   or	   undertaking	   as	   to	   the	   future	   performance	   of	   the	   All	  
Sports	   Platform.	   The	   agreement	   between	   the	   Foundation	   (or	   its	   affiliate)	   and	   you,	   in	  
relation	  to	  any	  sale	  and	  purchase	  of	  SOC	  is	  to	  be	  governed	  by	  only	  the	  separate	  terms	  
and	  conditions	  of	  such	  agreement.	  
	  
By	  accessing	  this	  Whitepaper	  or	  any	  part	  thereof,	  you	  represent	  and	  warrant	  to	  the	  
Foundation,	  its	  affiliates	  and	  the	  All	  Sports	  team	  as	  follows:	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  
(a)	   you	  acknowledge,	  understand	  and	  agree	  that	  SOC	  may	  have	  no	  value,	  there	  is	  no	  
guarantee	   or	   representation	   of	   value	   or	   liquidity	   for	   SOC,	   and	   SOC	   is	   not	   for	  
speculative	  investment;	  
(b)	   none	  of	  the	  Foundation,	  its	  affiliates,	  and/or	  the	  All	  Sports	  team	  members	  shall	  
be	  responsible	  for	  or	  liable	  for	  the	  value	  of	  SOC,	  the	  transferability	  and/or	  liquidity	  
of	   SOC	   and/or	   the	   availability	   of	   any	   market	   for	   SOC	   through	   third	   parties	   or	  
otherwise;	  
(c)	   in	  any	  decision	  to	  purchase	  any	  SOC,	  you	  have	  not	  relied	  on	  any	  statement	  set	  out	  
in	  this	  Whitepaper;	  
(d)	   you	  will	  and	  shall	  at	  your	  own	  expense	  ensure	  compliance	  with	  all	  laws,	  regulatory	  
requirements	  and	  restrictions	  applicable	  to	  you	  (as	  the	  case	  may	  be);	  and	  
(e)	   you	  acknowledge,	  understand	  and	  agree	  that	  you	  are	  not	  eligible	  to	  purchase	  any	  
SOC	  if	  you	  are	  a	  citizen,	  national,	  resident	  (tax	  or	  otherwise),	  domiciliary	  and/or	  
green	  card	  holder	  of	  a	  geographic	  area	  or	  country	  (i)	  where	  it	  is	  likely	  that	  the	  sale	  
of	   SOC	   would	   be	   construed	   as	   the	   sale	   of	   a	   security	   (howsoever	   named)	   or	  
investment	  product	  and/or	  (ii)	  in	  which	  access	  to	  or	  participation	  in	  the	  SOC	  token	  
sale	  or	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  is	  prohibited	  by	  applicable	  law,	  decree,	  regulation,	  
treaty,	   or	   administrative	   act,	   and/or	   (including	   without	   limitation	   the	   United	  
States	  of	  America,	  New	  Zealand,	  People's	  Republic	  of	  China	  and	  the	  Republic	  of	  
Korea).	  
	  
The	   Foundation	   and	   the	   All	   Sports	   team	   do	   not	   and	   do	   not	   purport	   to	   make,	   and	  
hereby	   disclaims,	   all	   representations,	   warranties	   or	   undertaking	   to	   any	   entity	   or	  
person.	  Prospective	  purchasers	  of	  SOC	  should	  carefully	  consider	  and	  evaluate	  all	  risks	  
and	  uncertainties	  (including	  financial	  and	  legal	  risks	  and	  uncertainties)	  associated	  with	  
the	  SOC	  token	  sale,	  the	  Foundation	  and	  the	  All	  Sports	  team.	  
	  
The	  information	  set	  out	  in	  this	  Whitepaper	  is	  for	  community	  discussion	  only	  and	  is	  not	  
legally	  binding.	  The	  agreement	  for	  sale	  and	  purchase	  of	  SOC	  shall	  be	  governed	  by	  a	  
separate	  set	  of	  Terms	  and	  Conditions	  or	  Token	  Purchase	  Agreement	  (as	  the	  case	  may	  
be)	  setting	  out	  the	  terms	  of	  such	  purchase	  (the	  Token	  Purchase	  Agreement),	  which	  
shall	  be	  separately	  provided	  to	  you	  or	  made	  available	  at	  http://allsportschain.com.	  In	  
the	   event	   of	   any	   inconsistencies	   between	   the	   Token	   Purchase	   Agreement	   and	   this	  
Whitepaper,	  the	  Token	  Purchase	  Agreement	  shall	  prevail.	  
	  
All	   statements	   contained	   in	   this	   Whitepaper,	   statements	   made	   in	   press	   releases	   or	   in	  
any	   place	   accessible	   by	   the	   public	   and	   oral	   statements	   that	   may	   be	   made	   by	   the	  
Foundation	   and/or	   the	   All	   Sports	   team	   may	   constitute	   forward-­‐looking	   statements	  
(including	   statements	   regarding	   intent,	   belief	   or	   current	   expectations	   with	   respect	   to	  
market	  conditions,	  business	  strategy	  and	  plans,	  financial	  condition,	  specific	  provisions	  
and	   risk	   management	   practices).	   You	   are	   cautioned	   not	   to	   place	   undue	   reliance	   on	  
these	   forward-­‐looking	   statements	   given	   that	   these	   statements	   involve	   known	   and	  
unknown	  risks,	  uncertainties	  and	  other	  factors	  that	  may	  cause	  the	  actual	  future	  results	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

to	   be	   materially	   different	   from	   that	   described	   by	   such	   forward-­‐looking	   statements.	  
These	   forward-­‐looking	   statements	   are	   applicable	   only	   as	   of	   the	   date	   of	   this	  
Whitepaper	   and	   the	   Foundation	   and	   the	   All	   Sports	   team	   expressly	   disclaims	   any	  
responsibility	  (whether	  express	  or	  implied)	  to	  release	  any	  revisions	  to	  these	  forward-­‐
looking	  statements	  to	  reflect	  events	  after	  such	  date.	  
	  
This	  Whitepaper	  may	  be	  translated	  into	  a	  language	  other	  than	  English	  and	  in	  the	  event	  
of	  conflict	  or	  ambiguity	  between	  the	  English	  language	  version	  and	  translated	  versions	  
of	  this	  Whitepaper,	  the	  English	  language	  version	  shall	  prevail.	  You	  acknowledge	  that	  
you	  have	  read	  and	  understood	  the	  English	  language	  version	  of	  this	  Whitepaper.	  
	  
No	  part	  of	  this	  Whitepaper	  is	  to	  be	  copied,	  reproduced,	  distributed	  or	  disseminated	  in	  
any	  way	  without	  the	  prior	  written	  consent	  of	  the	  Foundation.	  

	  

	  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  1:	  Abstract	  
With	  the	  increasing	  popularity	  of	  blockchain	  technology,	  All	  Sports	  public	  blockchain	  
hopes	  to	  fill	  the	  space	  for	  blockchain-­‐based	  applications	  in	  the	  sports	  industry	  through	  
blockchain	  technology,	  which	  is	  a	  sun-­‐rise	  industry	  all	  over	  the	  world.	  
	  
All	   Sports	   public	   blockchain	   makes	   use	   of	   blockchain	   technology,	   which	   combines	  
application	  and	  business	  situations	  of	  sports	  industry	  and	  sports	  ecosystem	  chain,	  and	  
will	  issue	  its	  native	  cryptographic	  token	  All	  Sports	  Coin	  (SOC)	  for	  use	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  
public	   blockchain.	   With	   the	   help	   of	   smart	   contracts	   and	   token	   systems,	   it	   offers	   both	  
convenient	   payment	   and	   settlement	   and	   application	   development	   agreement	   for	  
developers,	   and	   it	   is	   planned	   that	   the	   ecosystem	   will	   support	   sports	   information	   and	  
community	   open	   platforms,	   sports	   IP	   asset	   trading	   and	   promoting	   platforms,	  
prediction	  entertainment	  platforms,	  application	  open	  platforms	  etc.	  
	  
Developers	  and	  ecosystem	  partners	  would	  be	  able	  to	  develop	  and	  access	  their	  own	  
applications	   and	   resources	   in	   All	   Sports	   public	   blockchain,	   and	   realise	   customer	  
acquisition	   quickly	   through	   information	   and	   community	   open	   platforms.	   Further,	  
these	   ecosystem	   partners	   may	   achieve	   their	   aim	   of	   value	   transfer	   and	   token	  
consumption	   through	   sports	   IP	   asset	   trading	   and	   promoting	   platforms,	   prediction	  
entertainment	  platforms	  and	  application	  open	  platforms.	  The	  role	  of	  All	  Sports	  public	  
blockchain	   is	   to	   assist	   developers	   to	   finish	   application	   development	   and	   resources	  
monetising	  through	  the	  usage	  of	  SOC	  with	  APIs	  of	  key	  applications.	  
	  
The	   Foundation's	   aim	   is	   to	   create	   a	   decentralised,	   globalised	   sports	   blockchain	  
platform	   which	   is	   deeply	   rooted	   in	   the	   sports	   industry	   ecosystem,	   enabling	   free-­‐flow	  
of	  sharing	  and	  transmission	  of	  values	  by	  all	  users	  and	  participants	  in	  the	  industry,	  and	  
a	  variety	  of	  blockchain-­‐based	  applications	  in	  the	  sports	  industry.	  
	  
The	   Foundation	   has	   strong	   technical	   capability	   and	   offline	   resources	   integration	  
capability.	   	   It	   has	   also	   reached	   consensus	   with	   the	   world's	   largest	   mobile	   football	  
media	  and	  community,	  the	  world's	  top	  sports	  betting	  suppliers	  and	  service	  providers,	  
and	   the	   world's	   top	   sports	   stars	   on	   blockchain	   cooperation,	   allowing	   it	   to	   build	   All	  
Sports	  public	  blockchain	  with	  strong	  industry	  support.	  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  

	  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  2:	  Background	  Introduction	  and	  Market	  Opportunity	  
	  
2.1	  Background	  
	  
In	  2017	  the	  annual	  output	  value	  of	  global	  sports	  industry	  is	  nearly	  2	  trillion	  U.S.	  dollars,	  
including	   various	   categories	   such	   as	   competitive	   sports,	   recreational	   sports	   and	  
emerging	  e-­‐sports.	  The	  market	  size	  is	  very	  huge	  and	  it	  covers	  a	  wide	  range	  of	  areas.	  
Athletes,	   clubs,	   teams,	   events,	   brokerage	   firms,	   venues,	   equipments,	   training	  
institutions	   and	   media	   form	   the	   perfect	   and	   evolving	   ecosystem	   chain	   of	   sports	  
industry.	  
	  
With	  the	  development	  and	  growth	  of	  Internet,	  especially	  of	  mobile	  Internet,	  sports	  
industry	   has	   been	   massively	   migrating	   from	   traditional	   channels	   to	   mobile	   Internet	  
and	   expanded	   continuously	   through	   the	   mobile	   Internet.	   Information,	   data,	   live	  
streams,	  videos	  and	  other	  contents	  have	  spread	  rapidly	  with	  mobile	  Internet.	  With	  the	  
help	   of	   mobile	   Internet's	   capability,	   social	   communities	   and	   networks	   of	   sports	   users	  
in	  the	  world	  are	  built	  to	  further	  expand	  influence	  and	  user	  stickiness	  of	  sports	  industry	  
at	  the	  same	  time.	  
	  

	  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  

	  
Sponsored	  derivatives	  (based	  on	  IP	  licensing)	  as	  well	  as	  sports	  betting	  have	  become	  
the	  two	  largest	  sources	  of	  commercial	  revenue	  for	  sports	  industry.	  
	  
Neymar’s	  transfer	  to	  Paris	  Saint-­‐Germain	  for	  an	  astronomical	  220	  million	  euros,	  Floyd	  
Mayweather	  and	  Connor	  McGregor’s	  cross-­‐border	  game	  made	  more	  than	  600	  million	  
US	  dollars,	  and	  Dota2	  TI7	  grabbed	  over	  10	  million	  US	  dollars	  for	  the	  champion.	   	  
	  
These	   cases	   all	   reflect	   that	   in	   sports	   industry,	   top	   IPs	   and	   top	   stars	   contain	   huge	  
commercial	  values.	  Every	  single	  IP	  (individual	  or	  organisation)	  in	  this	  industrial	  chain	  
has	  its	  commercial	  value,	  which	  does	  not	  exist	  independently,	  but	  is	  determined	  by	  
demand	  in	  the	  industrial	  chain.	  The	  higher	  the	  degree	  of	  demand	  is,	  the	  higher	  the	  
value	   of	   IP	   assets;	   the	   faster	   and	   wider	   the	   value	   delivers,	   the	   higher	   the	   commercial	  
efficiency	  of	  IP	  assets.	  
	  
IP	   licensing	   includes	   portrait	   rights,	   advertising	   photography,	   offline	   activities,	  
authorised	  derivatives,	  social	  media	  and	  so	  forth.	  Traditional	  IP	  licensing	  negotiations	  
relies	  on	  peer-­‐to-­‐peer	  communications	  between	  advertising	  agencies	  and	  IP	  brokers.	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  

	  
Nowadays	   more	   than	   100	   countries	   and	   regions	   in	   the	   world	   have	   declared	   that	  
betting	  industry	  is	  legal.	  According	  to	  data	  from	  British	  betting	  companies,	  the	  global	  
betting	  market	  is	  estimated	  to	  reach	  as	  high	  as	  536	  billion	  dollars	  in	  2017.	  
	  
With	   the	   addition	   of	   various	   underground	   betting	   markets,	   it	   is	   estimated	   that	   the	  
market	   size	   has	   reached	   over	   one	   trillion	   dollars.	   The	   U.S.	   betting	   market	   is	   166.2	  
billion	   dollars,	   accounting	   for	   30%	   of	   the	   global	   market,	   which	   ranks	   the	   first.	   The	  
related	  department	  has	  said	  that	  by	  2020,	  the	  global	  online	  betting	  market	  is	  expected	  
to	  grow	  rapidly	  at	  an	  annual	  rate	  of	  11%	  after	  investigation	  and	  analysis.	  
	  
The	  global	  betting	  market	  total	  value	  and	  share	  are	  as	  follows:  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

  

	  
	  
2.2	  Pain	  point	  of	  Market	  
	  
Sports	  industry	  market	  is	  very	  huge,	  online	  sports	  information	  &	  community	  is	  now	  
the	  largest	  application	  scenarios	  for	  users	  while	  sports	  IP	  and	  betting	  are	  the	  best	  ways	  
for	  realisation	  and	  income	  in	  sports	  industry.	  
	  
Sports	  information	  &	  community	  
	  
The	   spread	   of	   sports	   industry,	   the	   exertion	   of	   its	   influence,	   and	   the	   interaction	  
between	   IPs	   and	   fans	   have	   all	   transferred	   to	   mobile	   Internet	   in	   large	   numbers.	  
However,	   there	   are	   still	   many	   problems	   in	   modes	   and	   systems	   of	   sports	   information	  
and	  community	  on	  the	  mobile	  Internet,	  which	  are	  specifically	  as	  follows:	  
	  
l   The	  authentication	  mechanism	  of	  content	  value	  lags	  behind	  and	  now	  the	  content	  
of	  media	  is	  generated	  by	  a	  centralised	  platform-­‐generated	  content	  model.	  The	  
definition	  of	  value	  is	  based	  on	  output	  cost	  and	  profit	  return,	  which	  results	  in	  a	  
"factory-­‐type"	   centralised	   processing	   mode.	   However,	   there	   are	   many	   subjects	  
involved	  in	  the	  spatiotemporal	  distribution	  of	  sports	  information.	  Users'	  demands	  
for	  information	  contents	  and	  forms	  are	  rich	  and	  varied,	  which	  makes	  the	  cost	  of	  
meeting	  needs	  is	  very	  high.	  
	  
l   With	   a	   lack	   of	   user	   identity	   mechanism,	   online	   sports	   communities	   are	   closed.	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Except	   for	   the	   real	   iconic	   characters,	   users	   need	   to	   create	   their	   own	   image	   from	  
0	   to	   1	   in	   each	   community,	   which	   will	   lead	   to	   the	   slow	   integration	   of	   new	   people	  
into	  the	  community	  and	  community	  growth.	  
	  
l   The	  system	  of	  incentive	  mechanism	  is	  poor.	  The	  largest	  community	  members	  are	  
a	  large	  number	  of	  non-­‐KOL	  users	  who	  simply	  speak	  and	  quietly	  praise.	  These	  users	  
are	  handling	  information,	  reading	  posts,	  giving	  likes,	  commenting	  and	  sharing	  to	  
help	  the	  entire	  community.	  However,	  these	  activities	  which	  build	  the	  ecosystem	  
are	  not	  fairly	  rewarded	  under	  the	  current	  system.	  
	  
l   It	   is	   difficult	   for	   commercial	   communities	   to	   commercialise	   the	   value	   which	   they	  
have	  created.	  Due	  to	  the	  poor	  structure	  of	  incentive	  mechanism	  and	  the	  fragile	  
relationship	  between	  sports	  communities	  and	  their	  large	  number	  of	  users,	  it	  is	  
difficult	   to	   integrate	   two	   into	   one	   single	   subject,	   which	   makes	   it	   even	   more	  
difficult	  to	  realise	  during	  the	  business	  process	  of	  intervention	  into	  users.	  
	  
Asset	  trading	  of	  sports	  IPs	  
	  
Although	  the	  commercial	  value	  of	  sports	  IP	  assets	  has	  been	  recognised	  by	  the	  society,	  
there	  are	  still	  many	  problems	  in	  the	  overall	  development.	  The	  concrete	  manifestation	  
is	  as	  follows:	  
	  
l   The	  lack	  of	  a	  centralised	  platform	  for	  sports	  IP	  assets	  to	  display	  their	  information	  
and	  the	  low	  level	  of	  transparency	  of	  information	  lead	  to	  the	  decrease	  of	  the	  value	  
of	   many	   assets,	   which	   increases	   the	   cost	   and	   the	   threshold	   for	   investors	   and	  
content	  providers	  (i.e.	  of	  games,	  application,	  media)	  (CP)	  to	  obtain	  information	  
for	  IP	  transaction	  and	  business	  value	  at	  the	  same	  time	  as	  well.	   	  
	  
l   Sports	  IP	  builds	  a	  primary	  market	  by	  its	  own	  owners	  or	  brokers,	  but	  Sports	  IP	  lacks	  
sufficient	  resources	  to	  build	  a	  secondary	  market.	  This	  is	  the	  main	  reason	  why	  the	  
commercial	  value	  has	  not	  been	  effectively	  determined	  and	  released.	  
	  
l   Sports	   IP	   lacks	   sufficient	   market-­‐oriented	   pricing	   mechanism	   and	   means	   of	  
estimating.	   Under	   the	   existing	   centralised	   system,	   the	   IP	   business	   value	   strongly	  
depends	  on	  the	  point-­‐to-­‐point	  information	  transfer	  separated	  by	  the	  broker	  or	  
the	  marketing	  team	  and	  the	  CP,	  and	  mastery	  of	  asymmetric	  information	  becomes	  
a	  key	  factor	  in	  price	  negotiations.	  As	  a	  whole,	  Both	  IP	  and	  CP	  do	  not	  maximise	  
their	  revenues	  or	  profits.	  
	  
l   The	   value	   of	   sporting	   IP	   assets	   is	   largely	   determined	   by	   fans	   and	   consumers,	   but	  
there	   is	   a	   chasm	   between	   assets	   and	   fans	   which	   is	   that	   there	   is	   no	   link	   between	  
the	  actions	  of	  fans	  and	  the	  value	  of	  the	  sporting	  IP	  asset.	  Fans	  do	  not	  share	  in	  the	  
rise	  in	  the	  asset	  value	  of	  IP	  assets,	  while	  IP	  assets	  do	  not	  drive	  fans	  to	  create	  value	  
quickly.	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  
l   Moreover,	   the	   demand	   side	   of	   asset	   operations	   also	   need	   to	   spend	   a	   large	  
amount	  of	  money	  to	  reach	  fans	  and	  consumers	  through	  numerous	  means	  after	  
obtaining	  the	  authorisation	  to	  use	  assets.	  Therefore,	  the	  utilisation	  efficiency	  of	  
commercial	  value	  of	  assets	  needs	  to	  be	  improved	  urgently.	  
	  
l   The	   difficulty	   of	   ownership	   belonging	   judgement	   and	   default	   risk	   in	   IP	   asset	  
trading	   process	   is	   high.	   The	   operation	   and	   commercial	   realisation	   of	   sports	   IP	  
assets	  often	  have	  a	  large	  number	  of	  cross-­‐border	  transactions,	  and	  the	  settlement	  
is	  complicated.	  
	  
Betting	  
	  
Presently,	  there	  exists	  centralised	  betting	  service	  providers	  consisting	  of	  large-­‐scale	  
betting	   establishments	   that	   hold	   licenses	   in	   countries	   which	   are	   friendly	   to	   betting	  
activities,	  and	  many	  underground	  betting	  companies.	  However,	  there	  are	  still	  many	  
problems	  in	  operation	  and	  trading:	  
	  
l   First	  of	  all,	  there	  are	  regional	  restrictions.	  The	  regulation	  of	  currencies	  by	  various	  
countries	  has	  resulted	  in	  the	  inability	  to	  support	  global	  betting	  payments.	  
	  
l   Second	  place,	  there	  are	  trust	  issues	  with	  payments.	  Users’	  trust	  in	  claim	  payments	  
depends	  only	  on	  the	  trustworthiness	  of	  the	  banker	  and	  the	  platform,	  especially	  
when	  there	  is	  a	  risk	  at	  the	  complex	  and	  long-­‐term	  payment	  and	  delivery.	  
	  
l   Odds	   and	   changes	   in	   handicap	   are	   not	   transparent.	   Betting	   rules,	   betting,	  
information	   concerning	   betting	   outcomes	   are	   not	   open	   and	   transparent.	   For	  
dealers	  there	  is	  room	  for	  fraud	  and	  misconduct.	  
	  
l   In	  the	  third	  place,	  inability	  to	  pay	  immediately.	  With	  the	  development	  of	  time	  and	  
the	   change	   of	   odds,	   bettors	   can	   choose	   to	   cash	   in	   advance,	   but	   the	   existing	  
centralised	  mechanism	  can	  only	  rely	  on	  dealers’	  limited	  repurchase.	  
	  
l   Last	  but	  not	  the	  least,	  there	  are	  also	  privacy	  and	  security	  protection.	  There	  is	  risk	  
in	  users’	  privacy	  and	  financial	  security.	  
	  
Games	  &	  Applications	  
	  
Now	   most	   sports	   games	   and	   applications	   are	   on	   mobile	   terminals,	   but	   the	   current	  
mobile	  ecosystem	  is	  a	  typical	  closed	  ecosystem,	  which	  brings	  some	  problems	  to	  sports	  
games	  and	  applications:	  
	  
l   Pricing	   and	   value	   of	   users’	   acquisition	   process	   are	   not	   transparent,	   the	  
mainstream	  of	  CPT,	  CPA	  access	  to	  acquire	  users	  need	  to	  be	  paid	  in	  advance	  for	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

exposure	  and	  start-­‐up,	  of	  whom	  it	  takes	  a	  certain	  period	  of	  time	  to	  clear	  the	  actual	  
value	   of	   users,	   however.	   So,	   there	   is	   a	   risk	   of	   loss	   of	   investment	   in	   game	   /	  
application	  production.	  In	  CPS	  mode,	  the	  final	  effect	  of	  realisation	  is	  mastered	  in	  
the	  traffic	  or	  CP	  side	  with	  a	  risk	  of	  deduction,	  which	  makes	  it	  hard	  to	  promote	  the	  
cooperation.	  
	  
l   More	  and	  more	  games	  become	  similar	  or	  same	  with	  each	  other.	  As	  games	  can	  
issue	  in-­‐game	  currency	  freely,	  a	  large	  number	  of	  games	  are	  inflating	  the	  in-­‐game	  
currency	  supply	  to	  deprive	  users	  of	  value,	  rather	  than	  creating	  value	  for	  users	  to	  
get	  rewarded	  through	  quality	  and	  rich	  gameplays.	  
	  
l   It	   is	   difficult	   to	   get	   IP	   resources.	   In	   order	   to	   obtain	   users	   and	   enhance	   the	  
experience,	  applications	  always	  need	  the	  authorisation	  of	  IP.	  However,	  in	  reality	  
there	  is	  a	  big	  difficulty	  in	  acquiring	  IPs,	  which	  is	  a	  consequence	  of	  the	  opacity	  in	  IP	  
asset	  transactions.

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  3:	  All	  Sports	  Public	  Blockchain	  and	  SOC	  
	  
3.1	  Abstract	  
	  
All	   Sports	   Public	   Blockchain	   uses	   SOC	   as	   the	   medium	   to	   combine	   sports	   industry	   and	  
the	   application	   and	   business	   environment	   of	   sports	   ecosystem	   chain	   by	   blockchain	  
technology.	  
	  
The	  All	  Sports	  platform	  is	  based	  on	  the	  use	  of	  smart	  contract	  and	  token	  system	  to	  
provide	   developers	   with	   a	   convenient	   and	   complete	   set	   of	   interface	   protocols	   for	  
payment	  and	  settlement	  as	  well	  as	  application	  development	  (the	  All	  Sports	  Platform)	  
-­‐	  including	  sporting	  contents,	  online	  community,	  IP	  asset	  trading	  and	  its	  promoting	  
platform,	  sports	  prediction	  platform,	  sports	  apps	  and	  gaming	  platforms,	  etc.	  
	  
The	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  aims	  to	  use	  blockchain	  technology	  to	  provide	  open	  platform	  
services	   for	   decentralised	   sports	   ecosystem	   chain,	   giving	   all	   business	   participants	  
transparent	   application	   development	   services	   and	   business	   realisations	   through	  
operation	  of	  blockchain	  ecosystem	  chain	  and	  tokenisation	  of	  assets	  in	  order	  to	  achieve	  
business	  goals.	  
	  
All	   Sports	   offers	   an	   open-­‐source	   blockchain	   ecosystem	   platform	   to	   record	   all	  
participants'	   interactions	   in	   the	   community	   as	   well	   as	   participants'	   transactions	   in	  
different	  scenarios,	  such	  as	  IP	  asset	  trading	  promotion,	  gaming	  and	  entertainment	  by	  
the	  use	  of	  decentralised	  account.	  
	  
SOC	   is	   a	   major	   component	   of	   the	   ecosystem	   on	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform.	   SOC	   is	   a	  
digitally-­‐encrypted	   virtual	   currency	   based	   on	   blockchain	   and	   smart	   contract	  
technology	   that	   is	   tailored	   to	   sporting	   contents,	   community-­‐based	   incentives	   and	  
spendings	   on	   different	   scenarios.	   SOC	   is	   a	   non-­‐refundable	   functional	   utility	   token	  
which	  will	  be	  used	  as	  the	  unit	  of	  exchange	  (e.g.	  for	  smart	  contracts	  and	  trade	  of	  digital	  
assets)	  between	  participants	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform.	  
	  
SOC	   does	   not	   in	   any	   way	   represent	   any	   shareholding,	   participation,	   right,	   title,	   or	  
interest	   in	   the	   Foundation,	   its	   affiliates,	   or	   any	   other	   company,	   enterprise	   or	  
undertaking,	  nor	  will	  SOC	  entitle	  token	  holders	  to	  any	  promise	  of	  fees,	  revenue,	  profits	  
or	  investment	  returns,	  and	  are	  not	  intended	  to	  constitute	  securities	  in	  Singapore	  or	  
any	   relevant	   jurisdiction.	   SOC	   may	   only	   be	   utilised	   on	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform,	   and	  
ownership	  of	  SOC	  carries	  no	  rights,	  express	  or	  implied,	  other	  than	  the	  right	  to	  use	  SOC	  
as	  a	  means	  to	  enable	  usage	  of	  and	  interaction	  with	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform.	  SOC	  is	  an	  
integral	   and	   indispensable	   part	   of	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform,	   because	   in	   the	   absence	   of	  
SOC,	  there	  would	  be	  no	  common	  unit	  of	  exchange	  for	  services	  provided	  on	  the	  All	  
Sports	   Platform,	   thus	   rendering	   the	   ecosystem	   on	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform	  
unsustainable.	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  
In	  particular,	  you	  understand	  and	  accept	  that	  SOC:	  
	  
(a)   is	   non-­‐refundable	   cannot	   be	   exchanged	   for	   cash	   (or	   its	   equivalent	   value	   in	   any	  
other	   virtual	   currency)	   or	   any	   payment	   obligation	   by	   the	   Foundation	   or	   any	  
affiliate;	  
(b)  does	   not	   represent	   or	   confer	   on	   the	   token	   holder	   any	   right	   of	   any	   form	   with	  
respect	   to	   the	   Foundation	   (or	   any	   of	   its	   affiliates)	   or	   its	   revenues	   or	   assets,	  
including	  without	  limitation	  any	  right	  to	  receive	  future	  revenue,	  shares,	  ownership	  
right	  or	  stake,	  share	  or	  security,	  any	  voting,	  distribution,	  redemption,	  liquidation,	  
proprietary	  (including	  all	  forms	  of	  intellectual	  property),	  or	  other	  financial	  or	  legal	  
rights	   or	   equivalent	   rights,	   or	   intellectual	   property	   rights	   or	   any	   other	   form	   of	  
participation	  in	  or	  relating	  to	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform,	  the	  Foundation	  and/or	  its	  
service	  providers;	  
(c)   is	   not	   intended	   to	   be	   a	   representation	   of	   money	   (including	   electronic	   money),	  
security,	   commodity,	   bond,	   debt	   instrument	   or	   any	   other	   kind	   of	   financial	  
instrument	  or	  investment;	  
(d)  is	  not	  a	  loan	  to	  the	  Foundation	  or	  any	  of	  its	  affiliates,	  is	  not	  intended	  to	  represent	  
a	  debt	  owed	  by	  the	  Foundation	  or	  any	  of	  its	  affiliates,	  and	  there	  is	  no	  expectation	  
of	  profit;	  and	  
(e)   does	   not	   provide	   the	   token	   holder	   with	   any	   ownership	   or	   other	   interest	   in	   the	  
Foundation	  or	  any	  of	  its	  affiliates.	  
	  
The	  contributions	  in	  the	  token	  sale	  will	  be	  held	  by	  the	  Foundation	  (or	  its	  affiliate)	  after	  
the	  token	  sale,	  and	  contributors	  will	  have	  no	  economic	  or	  legal	  right	  over	  or	  beneficial	  
interest	  in	  these	  contributions	  or	  the	  assets	  of	  that	  entity	  after	  the	  token	  sale.	  
	  
To	  the	  extent	  a	  secondary	  market	  or	  exchange	  for	  trading	  SOC	  does	  develop,	  it	  would	  
be	  run	  and	  operated	  wholly	  independently	  of	  the	  Foundation,	  the	  sale	  of	  SOC	  and	  the	  
All	  Sports	  Platform.	  The	  Foundation	  will	  not	  create	  such	  secondary	  markets	  nor	  will	  it	  
act	  as	  an	  exchange	  for	  SOC.	  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  
	  
3.2	  Open	  Platform	  for	  Contents	  and	  Community	  
	  
The	  open	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  for	  contents	  and	  community	  will	  comprise	  the	  All	  Sports	  
public	   blockchain	   which	   allows	   third	   parties	   to	   build	   their	   decentralised	   applications,	  
with	   SOC	   used	   as	   the	   medium	   of	   exchange	   as	   well	   as	   the	   incentive	   to	   incentivise	  
ecosystem	  community	  building.	  
	  
The	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  will	  combine	  platform-­‐generated	  content,	  user-­‐generated,	  and	  
developers	  to	  provide	  contents	  /	  information,	  community	  features,	  live	  play,	  data	  and	  
other	  services	  to	  attract	  and	  retain	  users	  as	  well	  as	  provide	  service	  for	  consumption	  
scene.	  
	  
These	  processes	  would	  require	  an	  open	  and	  transparent	  pricing	  system	  designed	  for	  
various	   aspects	   such	   as	   content	   supplement,	   interactive	   supplement	   and	   service	  
consumption.	  All	  incentives	  to	  be	  paid	  by	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  will	  be	  settled	  by	  SOC.	  
	  
l   Users:	  Online	  activities	  which	  promote	  the	  development	  of	  the	  ecosystem	  on	  the	  
All	   Sports	   Platform	   (e.g.	   reading,	   evaluating,	   sharing,	   and	   reporting	   spams	   on	  
various	  content	  /	  topics)	  will	  be	  tagged.	  Tags	  will	  classify	  the	  behavior	  of	  users	  in	  
an	   open	   and	   transparent	   manner,	   and	   users	   will	   obtain	   SOC	   as	   incentives	   for	  
positive	   behaviour.	   SOC	   is	   required	   to	   pay	   for	   community	   items	   when	   using	  
community	  apps,	  and	  SOC	  will	  be	  deducted	  when	  users	  post	  spam	  information	  
and	  violate	  community	  rules.	  
	  
l   Platform-­‐generated	   content:	   Flexible	   dynamic	   registration	   and	   fragmented	  
production	  are	  reflected.	  Higher	  quality	  content	  is	  rewarded	  by	  more	  SOC,	  thus	  
promoting	   the	   generation	   of	   higher	   quality	   content	   on	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform.	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Platform-­‐generated	  content	  would	  have	  to	  provide	  an	  assurance	  payment	  in	  SOC	  
before	   being	   given	   access	   to	   the	   initial	   distribution.	   Contents	   will	   be	   examined	  
through	   objecting	   criteria	   such	   as	   clicks	   received,	   number	   of	   times	   shared	   or	  
reported	   by	   users,	   as	   well	   as	   other	   interactive	   feedback	   means.	   Higher	   quality	  
content	  will	  be	  rewarded	  with	  extra	  SOC,	  while	  poorer	  quality	  content	  will	  lead	  to	  
a	  deduction	  of	  assurance	  payment.	  
	  
l   Developer:	  Developers	  are	  able	  to	  develop	  third	  party	  applications	  and	  services	  
on	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform,	   and	   offer	   them	   for	   use	   by	   users	   (e.g.	   a	   variety	   of	  
community	  services,	  such	  as	  emojis,	  live	  score	  push	  notifications).	  Payment	  for	  
these	   applications	   and	   services	   will	   be	   made	   in	   SOC	   (based	   on	   usage	   of	   service),	  
and	  developers	  distributing	  and	  promoting	  their	  own	  services	  would	  need	  to	  pay	  
SOC	  to	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  for	  service	  fee.	  
	  
l   All	  Sports	  Platform:	  For	  each	  transaction	  in	  the	  ecosystem	  on	  All	  Sports	  Platform,	  
the	  platform	  will	  charge	  a	  certain	  service	  fee,	  which	  will	  be	  applied	  towards	  the	  
objects	   of	   the	   Foundation	   (including	   development	   of	   ecosystem,	   expansion,	   as	  
well	  as	  construction,	  maintenance	  and	  development	  of	  All	  Sports	  Platform).	  

	  
	  
3.3	  Sports	  IP	  asset	  trading	  platform	  
	  
Sports	  IP	  asset	  trading	  platform	  connects	  the	  sports	  IP	  asset	  owners,	  supporters,	  fans,	  
content	  providers	  to	  fulfil	  the	  integration	  of	  industry	  resources,	  the	  delivering	  of	  values	  
and	  the	  promotion	  of	  the	  sports	  industry	  development	  as	  well	  as	  evolution.	  
	  
The	  platform	  is	  based	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  public	  blockchain	  and	  SOC.	  It	  consists	  of	  an	  IP	  
asset	   display	   platform,	   an	   IP	   asset	   distribution	   platform	   (primary	   market),	   IP	   asset	  
transactions	  (secondary	  market),	  and	  an	  IP	  authorised	  transaction	  centre.	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  
	  
Platform	  Features	  
	  
l   IP	  asset	  display	  platform:	  Portal	  entrance	  with	  content	  information	  service,	  search	  
and	   inquiry	   service,	   making	   the	   information	   of	   IP	   assets	   fully	   transparent	   and	  
facilitating	  the	  value	  transmission	  and	  diffusion.	  
	  
l   IP	  asset	  distribution	  platform	  (primary	  market):	  A	  platform	  to	  first	  release	  the	  IP	  
assets	   and	   distribute	   them	   through	   the	   form	   of	   additional	   IP	   token.	   The	   total	  
number	  of	  each	  IP	  token	  is	  fixed,	  while	  the	  proportion	  of	  the	  initial	  distribution	  of	  
shares	  cannot	  be	  too	  much	  nor	  too	  little.	  Payment	  through	  SOC	  is	  the	  only	  way	  
supported	  on	  the	  platform.	  
	  
l   IP	  asset	  trading	  platform	  (secondary	  market):	  Circulating	  IP	  tokens	  are	  introduced.	  
Supporters	  and	  fans	  are	  able	  to	  trade	  IP	  tokens	  on	  the	  trading	  platform	  with	  SOC,	  
to	  bring	  the	  price	  of	  IP	  assets	  in	  line	  with	  the	  market.	  
	  
l   IP	  authorised	  transaction	  centre:	  IP	  asset	  owners	  set	  the	  reserve	  price	  settled	  in	  
IP	  tokens	  in	  minutes	  so	  as	  to	  derive	  the	  total	  amount	  of	  time.	  What’s	  more,	  owners	  
should	  execute	  that	  to	  their	  authorised	  materials	  with	  a	  time	  share,	  so	  that	  CP	  can	  
redeem	  them	  after	  purchase	  .	  CPs	  who	  have	  gained	  IP	  authorisation	  can	  purchase	  
IP	  tokens	  through	  the	  secondary	  market	  and	  also	  be	  able	  to	  purchase	  the	  licenses.	  
	  
Economic	  system	  
	  
l   Party	  with	  IP	  assets	  
	  
-­‐	  Enroll	  in	  an	  asset	  distribution	  platform	  and	  then	  issue	  IP	  tokens	  which	  are	  named	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

after	  the	  respective	  IP,	  in	  exchange	  for	  SOC	  from	  supporters	  and	  fans.	  Thereafter,	  
the	  issued	  IP	  tokens	  would	  enter	  the	  secondary	  market.	  
	  
-­‐	   Set	   the	   reserve	   price	   settled	   by	   IP	   tokens	   and	   also	   the	   total	   amount	   of	   time;	  
Execute	   that	   to	   their	   authorised	   materials	   with	   a	   time	   share,	   so	   that	   CP	   can	  
redeem	  them	  after	  purchase.	  
	  
-­‐	  Publish	  IP	  information	  on	  a	  regular	  basis	  according	  to	  the	  size	  of	  transactions	  of	  
IP	  authorisation	  so	  as	  to	  regularly	  release	  all	  rights	  of	  proceeding.	   	  
	  
-­‐	   Attract	   fans	   and	   supporters	   onto	   the	   platform	   with	   IP’s	   own	   influence	   to	  
encourage	  more	  asset	  trading	  activities.	  
	  
l   Supporters	  and	  fans	  
	  
-­‐	   Buy	   and	   sell	   IP	   tokens	   on	   asset	   trading	   platforms	   through	   SOC	   held,	   and	  
potentially	  share	  in	  the	  value	  of	  the	  underlying	  IP.	  
	  
l   CPs	  
	  
-­‐	  Buy	  IP	  tokens	  on	  the	  asset	  trading	  platform	  and	  then	  bid	  for	  the	  IP	  authorisations	  
on	  IP	  authorised	  transaction	  centre,	  in	  order	  to	  be	  entitled	  to	  use	  that	  IP	  in	  their	  
own	  products	  and	  services	  in	  order	  to	  achieve	  commercial	  realisation.	  
	  
-­‐	  Attract	  IP	  supporters	  and	  fans	  to	  their	  own	  products	  and	  services	  so	  that	  precise	  
promotion	  and	  the	  empowerment	  of	  IP	  can	  be	  achieved.	  
	  
l   All	  Sports	  Platform	   	  
	  
-­‐	  Charge	  each	  transaction	  a	  transaction	  fee,	  which	  will	  go	  to	  the	  Foundation	  for	  
follow-­‐up	   platform	   construction	   and	   maintenance,	   expansion	   of	   platform	  
ecosystem	  partners	  and	  more	  IP	  cooperation	  inclusion	  in	  order	  to	  enhance	  the	  
overall	  ecosystem	  value.	  
	  
3.4	  Prediction	  and	  entertainment	  platform	  
	  
All	  Sports	  Prediction	  and	  Entertainment	  Platform	  is	  a	  set	  of	  ecosystem	  services	  built	  
on	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform,	   public	   blockchain	   and	   SOC.	   It	   provides	   the	   world	   with	  
underlying	  and	  basic	  technical	  services	  for	  sports	  prediction	  and	  entertainment.	   	  
	  
The	  market	  volume	  or	  user	  base	  for	  sports	  prediction	  is	  very	  large,	  which	  provides	  a	  
strong	  economic	  base	  and	  broad	  application	  prospects	  for	  this	  service.	  
	  
Ecosystem	  composition	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

	  
l   Global	   prediction	   and	   entertainment	   providers	   can	   implement	   various	   online	  
entertainment	  scenarios	  and	  applications	  through	  API	  (Application	  Programming	  
Interface)	  and	  SDK	  (Software	  Development	  Kit)	  provided	  by	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform.	  
	  
l   Users	   can	   participate	   in	   prediction	   markets	   or	   organise	   their	   own	   prediction	  
games	  through	  the	  usage	  of	  SOC.	  

	  
	  
Service	  system	  
	  
l   Network	  platform:	  The	  prediction	  platform	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  focuses	  on	  
the	   global	   online	   market,	   and	   intends	   to	   build	   a	   full-­‐dimensional	   and	   matrix	  
network	  of	  prediction	  service	  system.	  In	  addition	  to	  building	  the	  underlying	  SDK	  
based	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  public	  blockchain,	  it	  also	  provides	  customised	  user-­‐end	  
application,	  including	  but	  not	  limited	  to	  PC	  end,	  H5	  webpage,	  App(iOS	  &	  Android),	  
mini	   programme,	   etc.	   It	   also	   supports	   various	   consumer-­‐to-­‐consumer	   OTC	  
activities	  with	  underlying	  technology.	  
	  
l   Third-­‐party	   vendor	   access:	   For	   all	   sports	   prediction	   providers	   worldwide,	   game	  
makers	  and	  other	  non-­‐blockchain	  online	  prediction	  platforms	  around	  the	  world,	  
All	  Sports	  public	  blockchain	  provides	  smart	  contract	  templates	  and	  frameworks,	  
application	   components,	   customised	   APIs	   and	   SDKs	   to	   reduce	   the	   threshold	   of	  
online	  prediction	  game	  development.	  
	  
l   Network	   distribution:	   For	   worldwide	   intermediaries,	   it	   provides	   a	   smart	  
distribution	   system,	   including	   user	   overview,	   offline	   management,	   commission	  
settings,	  financial	  sub-­‐accounts	  and	  other	  functions.	  
	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Advantages	  of	  blockchain	  technology	  
	  
l   Open,	   transparent	   and	   without	   tampering:	   Blockchain	   technology	   can	   guarantee	  
prediction	   participants	   (wallet	   address),	   prediction	   rules,	   betting,	   results	   and	  
other	   information	   will	   be	   set	   out	   in	   an	   open,	   transparent	   and	   tamper-­‐proof	  
manner.	   	  
	  
It	   is	   envisaged	   that	   all	   Sports	   public	   blockchain	   would	   completely	   erase	   obsolete	  
bad	  habits	  such	  as	  cheating,	  fraud,	  etc.,	  as	  well	  as	  allegations	  faced	  by	  innocent	  
online	  prediction	  platforms	  and	  the	  dealers.	  
	  
Also,	   as	   it	   is	   based	   on	   a	   completely	   open	   and	   transparent	   environment	   that	   is	  
supervised	  by	  the	  public,	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  aims	  to	  rebuild	  the	  reputation	  of	  the	  
sports	   prediction	   industry,	   enhancing	   participants'	   contractual	   spirit	   and	  
maintaining	  a	  good	  platform	  order.	  
	  
l   Smart	  contract	  delivery:	  Through	  a	  customised	  smart	  contract	  to	  achieve	  a	  variety	  
of	  gaming	  scenarios	  and	  different	  levels	  of	  complexity	  of	  the	  code	  delivery	  and	  the	  
usage	  of	  the	  All	  Sports	  public	  blockchain,	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  can	  prevent	  the	  
risk	   of	   default	   among	   participants,	   ensuring	   the	   interests	   of	   all	   parties	   can	   be	  
deducted	  or	  delivered	  in	  a	  safe,	  timely	  and	  smooth	  platform.	  
	  
The	   default	   smart	   contract	   can	   also	   be	   used	   to	   implement	   the	   forward	   code	  
delivery.	  Once	  the	  trigger	  condition	  is	  reached,	  the	  smart	  contract	  will	  be	  executed	  
or	  will	  provide	  evidence	  right	  away.	  
	  
l   Encryption	  protection:	  Wallet	  address	  (representing	  participants),	  digital	  tokens	  
and	  other	  blockchain	  data	  are	  the	  encryption	  features	  that	  can	  effectively	  protect	  
the	   information	   security	   of	   all	   participants,	   enhancing	   the	   reputation	   of	   the	  
platform	  and	  improving	  the	  service	  level	  of	  the	  platform.	  
	  
l   No	  more	  traditional	  geographical	  restrictions:	  Users	  can	  either	  play	  through	  any	  
client	   ends	   on	   All	   Sports	   public	   prediction	   entertainment	   platform	   (collectively	  
referred	   to	   as	   OTC)	   anytime,	   anywhere,	   or	   play	   through	   the	   blockchain	   wallet	  
using	  token	  to	  self-­‐organise	  consumer-­‐to-­‐consumer's	  OTC	  game.	  
	  
This	  allows	  people	  around	  the	  world	  to	  overcome	  the	  geographical	  barriers	  and	  
use	  their	  fragmented	  time	  anytime,	  anywhere	  to	  participate.	  
	  
3.5	  Applications	  and	  games’	  open	  platform	  
	  
Third	   party	   developers	   will	   be	   able	   to	   use	   SDK	   and	   API	   interfaces	   provided	   by	   the	   All	  
Sports	  public	  blockchain	  to	  develop	  applications	  and	  games.	  These	  applications	  and	  
games	  may	  be	  promoted	  to	  users	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  and/or	  charge	  users	  a	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

usage	  fee	  through	  the	  payment	  of	  SOC.	  
	  
All	  games	  and	  apps	  provided	  by	  CPs	  -­‐	  and	  also	  the	  props	  and	  functions	  in	  these	  games	  
-­‐	   use	   SOC	   for	   open	   and	   transparent	   pricing.	   All	   users'	   consumer	   behaviors	   are	  
decentralised	   through	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform.	   The	   non-­‐privacy	   information	   and	  
attributes	  of	  all	  users	  in	  the	  platform	  are	  all	  publicly	  available	  by	  the	  CP.	  Therefore,	  CP	  
can	  directly	  acquire	  target	  users	  and	  thus	  do	  their	  promotion.	  
	  
3.6	  Exclusive	  wallet	  
	  
The	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  will	  offer	  a	  digital	  wallet	  to	  assist	  members	  of	  the	  community	  
(including	  users	  and	  third	  party	  developers)	  to	  manage	  their	  SOC.	  
	  
Basic	  features	  such	  as	  viewing	  of	  amount,	  transfer,	  etc.	  of	  SOC	  can	  be	  realised.	  It	  also	  
helps	  participants	  manage	  their	  own	  accounts,	  as	  well	  as	  use	  of	  payment	  for	  a	  wide	  
range	  of	  apps	  and	  consumer	  scenarios	  across	  the	  platform.	  
	  
As	   a	   result,	   it	   becomes	   a	   unified	   wallet	   system	   for	   the	   entire	   platform,	   recording	   the	  
users'	  income	  and	  expenditures	  and	  the	  flow	  of	  SOC.	  
	  
3.7	  Technical	  realisation	  
	  
Blockchain	   technology	   is	   used	   to	   record	   all	   trading	   information	   and	   user	   information	  
on	  the	  open	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  in	  a	  native	  decentralised	  ledger.	  
	  
By	  submitting	  a	  smart	  contract,	  it	  specifies	  basic	  open-­‐economy	  rules	  for	  the	  entire	  
platform,	   addressing	   the	   trading	   and	   incentive	   issues	   in	   various	   communities	   and	  
consumer	  scenarios	  on	  the	  platform,	  and	  ensuring	  that	  the	  ecosystem	  of	  the	  entire	  
platform	  is	  open	  and	  transparent.	  
	  
Distributed	   database	   will	   store	   media	   information	   of	   large	   capacity.	   These	   include	  
basic	  information	  about	  community	  and	  contextual	  user	  profiles,	  contents	  published	  
by	  platform-­‐generated	  content	  and	  user-­‐generated	  content,	  live	  streaming,	  IP	  asset	  
trading,	  prediction	  entertainment,	  gaming	  and	  the	  needs	  of	  third	  party	  application.	  
	  
Based	   on	   blockchain	   technology	   and	   distributed	   repositories,	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform	  
is	  a	  set	  of	  basic	  clearing	  systems	  and	  open	  platform	  interface	  protocols	  supported	  by	  
smart	  contracts	  and	  token	  systems,	  and	  the	  earliest	  developers	  will	  set	  the	  rules	  and	  
start	  off	  the	  development.	  
	  
Application	  layer	  bases	  itself	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  public	  blockchain	  to	  implement	  various	  
applications.	  Start-­‐up	  members	  will	  work	  as	  a	  team	  to	  first	  develop	  applications	  such	  
as	   information	   (contents)	   and	   community	   applications,	   IP	   asset	   trading,	   business	  
applications	  such	  as	  prediction	  entertainment,	  live	  broadcast	  applications	  and	  wallet	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

applications,	   etc.	   Anyone	   and	   any	   third	   party	   software	   can	   contribute	   their	   own	  
applications	  to	  the	  platform	  of	  All	  Sports	  public	  blockchain.

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  4:	  Partners	  on	  the	  ecosystem	  platform	  
	  
Concurrently	  with	  the	  launch	  of	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform,	  the	  Foundation	  has	  struck	  a	  
strategic	   partnership	   with	   All	   Football,	   the	   world's	   largest	   football	   media	   and	  
community.	   All	   Football	   will	   be	   the	   first	   to	   gain	   access	   to	   the	   information	   and	  
community	  open	  platform	  and	  the	  games/apps	  open	  platform.	  
	  
As	  of	  the	  date	  of	  writing,	  All	  Football	  has	  nearly	  60	  million	  loyal	  fans	  worldwide,	  mainly	  
in	  England,	  Argentina,	  Nigeria,	  Ghana,	  Spain	  and	  other	  English	  and	  Spanish	  speaking	  
countries,	  with	  approximately	  1	  million	  daily	  active	  users.	  
	  
Manchester	   City,	   West	   Bromwich	   Albion,	   Schalke	   04,	   RCD	   Espanyol,	   Crystal	   Palace,	  
Birmingham	  City,	  Cardiff	  City,	  Leeds	  United	  clubs	  have	  all	  settled	  on	  All	  Football.	  
	  
Top	  IPs	  such	  as	  Cristiano	  Ronaldo,	  Roberto	  Baggio	  and	  Inter	  Milan	  have	  signed	  and	  
gained	  access	  into	  the	  IP	  asset	  trading	  platform.	  On	  the	  one	  hand,	  the	  Foundation	  will	  
work	  hard	  to	  exert	  influence	  to	  attract	  fans	  to	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform;	  On	  the	  other	  
hand	   it	   will	   strive	   to	   recruit	   more	   well-­‐known	   IP	   assets	   to	   enhance	   the	   ecosystem	   on	  
the	  All	  Sports	  Platform.	  
	  
The	  world's	  top	  providers	  of	  sports	  prediction	  information	  and	  services	  will	  be	  able	  to	  
gain	   access	   to	   All	   Sports	   prediction	   entertainment	   platform.	   In	   the	   prediction	  
entertainment	  platform,	  third-­‐party	  entertainment	  service	  providers	  may	  grant	  access	  
to	  their	  products	  and	  enrich	  the	  types	  of	  games	  to	  make	  the	  ecosystem	  more	  vibrant	  
and	  ful-­‐filled.	  At	  the	  same	  time,	  third-­‐party	  service	  providers	  can	  support	  SOC	  through	  
their	  SDKs	  or	  APIs	  on	  their	  own	  web-­‐based	  platforms.

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  5:	  All	  Sports	  Public	  Blockchain	  Foundation	  
	  
5.1	  The	  establishment	  of	  All	  Sports	  Foundation	  
	  
Considering	  the	  internationalisation	  of	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  and	  native	  public	  chain,	  
the	  Foundation	  had	  been	  established	  in	  Singapore.	  
	  
The	   foundation	   devotes	   itself	   to	   the	   research,	   design	   and	   development	   of,	   and	  
advocacy	   for	   a	   decentralised,	   globalised	   sports	   blockchain	   platform	   which	   is	   deeply	  
rooted	   in	   the	   sports	   industry	   ecosystem,	   enabling	   free-­‐flow	   of	   sharing	   and	  
transmission	   of	   values	   by	   all	   users	   and	   participants	   in	   the	   industry	   and	   a	   variety	   of	  
blockchain-­‐based	   applications	   in	   the	   sports	   industry,	   and	   promoting	   the	   safe	   and	  
harmonious	  development	  of	  the	  open	  source	  blockchain	  community	  ecosystem	  
	  
5.2	  Foundation	  structure	  
	  
The	   foundation	   structure	   of	   All	   Sports	   Public	   Blockchain	   Foundation	   includes	  
operational	  processes	  and	  protocols	  for	  everyday	  work	  and	  special	  situations.	  

  
  

5.3	  Functions	  of	  various	  committees	  
	  
l   Board	  of	  Directors:	  
Study	   and	   formulate	   long-­‐term	   plans,	   manage	   the	   use	   of	   resources	   for	   the	  
development	   of	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform,	   constitute	   regulations	   and	   management	  
systems,	   analyse	   and	   approve	   the	   feasibility	   of	   new	   projects,	   and	   manage	   daily	  
operations	  of	  All	  Sports	  Public	  Blockchain.	  
	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

l   Risk	  Control	  Committee:	  
Research	  and	  formulate	  risk	  control	  strategies,	  develop	  risk	  control	  standards,	  review	  
overall	   operational	   risks,	   convene	   risk	   review	   meetings	   for	   projects	   and	   reveal	   the	  
outcomes	  of	  reviews.	  
	  
l   Compensation	  and	  Personnel	  Committee:	  
Formulate	  and	  modify	  remuneration,	  incentive	  programs,	  audit	  institutions	  and	  post	  
settings,	  take	  charge	  of	  staff	  recruitment.	  
	  
l   Audit	  Committee:	  
Responsible	  for	  operational	  audit,	  financial	  audit,	  and	  code	  audit.

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  6:	  Team	  Introduction	  and	  Advisory	  Group	  
	  
Early	  Contributors	  and	  Advisory	  Team:	  
	  
	  

    

  

  

    

    

    

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  7:	  Development	  Plan	  and	  Timetable	  
	  
Development	  plan	  for	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  and	  public	  blockchain.	  
	  
Update	  the	  plan	  and	  timetable	  in	  2018/2/7	  
	  
Time	  
Event	  
2018	  Q1	  

Completion	   of	   underlying	   structure	   design.	   Secure	   more	   than	   one	  
partners	  for	  SOC	  for	  using	  and	  consumption.	  Develop	  and	  improve	  
the	   platform	   and	   relative	   application	   for	   sports	   betting	   and	  
entertainment	  platforms.	  Increase	  incentives	  for	  the	  support	  of	  the	  
underlying	  system.  

2018	  Q2	  

Complete	  the	  SOC’s	  opening	  and	  thus	  increase	  relative	  incentives	  
in	   society,	   etc..	   Start	   the	   development	   of	   sports	   entertainment	  
application	  in	  order	  to	  promote	  a	  wider	  scale	  of	  sports	  betting	  and	  
entertainment.	  Secure	  business	  partners.	  

2018	  Q3	  

Beta	  version	  of	  the	  sports	  entertainment	  platform	  goes	  online	  and	  
starts	  testing.	  

2018	  Q4	  

Completion	   of	   public	   blockchain	   development	   and	   beginning	   of	  
testing.	  

2019	  Q1	  

Completion	  of	  relocation	  of	  public	  blockchain.	  

2019	  Q2	  

Completion	   of	   development	   of	   sports	   prediction	   entertainment	  
platform.	  

	  

	  

	  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  8:	  Token	  Release	  Plan	  
	  
1.5	  billion	  SOC	  will	  be	  issued	  in	  total,	  and	  distributed	  as	  follows:	  
	  
1.  40%	  of	  SOC	  issued	  (600	  million)	  will	  be	  sold	  in	  the	  private	  sale,	  to	  a	  maximum	  of	  149	  
purchasers.	  
	  
2.  40%	   of	   SOC	   issued	   (600	   million)	   will	   be	   held	   by	   the	   Foundation	   for	   ecosystem	  
incubation,	  incubation,	  marketing,	  commercial	  development,	  legal	  compliance,	  etc.	  to	  
maintain	  the	  rapid	  prototyping	  and	  subsequent	  healthy	  and	  sustained	  development	  of	  
communities	  and	  the	  entire	  ecosystem	  on	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform.	  
	  
3.	   20%	   of	   SOC	   issued	   (300	   million)	   will	   be	   issued	   to	   incentivise	   and	   motivate	   the	  
founding	  and	  development	  team.	  The	  All	  Sports	  team	  has	  done	  much	  work	  in	  terms	  
of	   project	   design,	   resource	   organisation,	   incubation	   of	   the	   pre-­‐commercial	  
environment	  and	  various	  other	  aspects,	  and	  continuously	  input	  manpower	  resources,	  
intelligence	   and	   material	   inputs	   in	   shaping	   the	   ecosystem.	   This	   incentive	   will	   be	  
released	   over	   four	   years	   –	   one	   quarter	   will	   be	   released	   in	   the	   first	   year,	   and	   one	  
quarter	  will	  be	  released	  each	  year	  thereafter.

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

Section	  9:	  Risks	  
	  
You	  acknowledge	  and	  agree	  that	  there	  are	  numerous	  risks	  associated	  with	  purchasing	  
SOC,	  holding	  SOC,	  and	  using	  SOC	  for	  participation	  in	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform.	  
	  
9.1	   Uncertain	  Regulations	  and	  Enforcement	  Actions	  
	  
The	  regulatory	  status	  of	  SOC	  and	  distributed	  ledger	  technology	  is	  unclear	  or	  unsettled	  
in	   many	   jurisdictions.	   It	   is	   impossible	   to	   predict	   how,	   when	   or	   whether	   regulatory	  
agencies	  may	  apply	  existing	  regulations	  or	  create	  new	  regulations	  with	  respect	  to	  such	  
technology	   and	   its	   applications,	   including	   SOC	   and/or	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform.	  
Regulatory	   actions	   could	   negatively	   impact	   SOC	   and/or	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform	   in	  
various	  ways.	  The	  Foundation	  (or	  its	  affiliates)	  may	  cease	  operations	  in	  a	  jurisdiction	  
in	  the	  event	  that	  regulatory	  actions,	  or	  changes	  to	  law	  or	  regulation,	  make	  it	  illegal	  to	  
operate	   in	   such	   jurisdiction,	   or	   commercially	   undesirable	   to	   obtain	   the	   necessary	  
regulatory	  approval(s)	  to	  operate	  in	  such	  jurisdiction.	  
	  
After	   consulting	   with	   a	   wide	   range	   of	   legal	   advisors	   and	   continuous	   analysis	   of	   the	  
development	   and	   legal	   structure	   of	   virtual	   currencies,	   the	   Foundation	   will	   apply	   a	  
cautious	   approach	   towards	   the	   sale	   of	   SOC.	   Therefore,	   for	   the	   crowdsale,	   the	  
Foundation	  may	  constantly	  adjust	  the	  sale	  strategy	  in	  order	  to	  avoid	  relevant	  legal	  risks	  
as	  much	  as	  possible.	  
	  
9.2	   Competitors	  
	  
It	  is	  possible	  that	  alternative	  networks	  could	  be	  established	  that	  utilise	  the	  same	  or	  
similar	  code	  and	  protocol	  underlying	  SOC	  and/or	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  and	  attempt	  
to	  re-­‐create	  similar	  facilities.	  The	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  may	  be	  required	  to	  compete	  with	  
these	  alternative	  networks,	  which	  could	  negatively	  impact	  SOC	  and/or	  the	  All	  Sports	  
Platform.	  
	  
9.3	   Loss	  of	  Talent	  
	  
The	  development	  of	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  depends	  on	  the	  continued	  co-­‐operation	  of	  
the	  existing	  technical	  team	  and	  expert	  consultants,	  who	  are	  highly	  knowledgeable	  and	  
experienced	  in	  their	  respective	  sectors.	  The	  loss	  of	  any	  member	  may	  adversely	  affect	  
the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  or	  its	  future	  development.	  
	  
9.4	   Failure	  to	  develop	   	  
	  
There	  is	  the	  risk	  that	  the	  development	  of	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  will	  not	  be	  executed	  
or	   implemented	   as	   planned,	   for	   a	   variety	   of	   reasons,	   including	   without	   limitation	   the	  
event	  of	  a	  decline	  in	  the	  prices	  of	  any	  digital	  asset,	  virtual	  currency	  or	  SOC,	  unforeseen	  
Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

	  

technical	  difficulties,	  and	  shortage	  of	  development	  funds	  for	  activities.	  
	  
9.5	   Security	  weaknesses	  
	  
Hackers	  or	  other	  malicious	  groups	  or	  organisations	  may	  attempt	  to	  interfere	  with	  SOC	  
and/or	   the	   All	   Sports	   Platform	   in	   a	   variety	   of	   ways,	   including,	   but	   not	   limited	   to,	  
malware	   attacks,	   denial	   of	   service	   attacks,	   consensus-­‐based	   attacks,	   Sybil	   attacks,	  
smurfing	  and	  spoofing.	  Furthermore,	  there	  is	  a	  risk	  that	  a	  third	  party	  or	  a	  member	  of	  
the	   Foundation	   or	   its	   affiliates	   may	   intentionally	   or	   unintentionally	   introduce	  
weaknesses	  into	  the	  core	  infrastructure	  of	  SOC	  and/or	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform,	  which	  
could	  negatively	  affect	  SOC	  and/or	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform.	  
	  
9.6	   Other	  risks	  
	  
In	  addition	  to	  the	  aforementioned	  risks,	  there	  are	  other	  risks	  (as	  more	  particularly	  set	  
out	  in	  the	  Token	  Purchase	  Agreement)	  associated	  with	  your	  purchase,	  holding	  and	  use	  
of	  SOC,	  including	  those	  that	  the	  Foundation	  cannot	  anticipate.	  Such	  risks	  may	  further	  
materialise	  as	  unanticipated	  variations	  or	  combinations	  of	  the	  aforementioned	  risks.	  
You	   should	   conduct	   full	   due	   diligence	   on	   the	   Foundation	   (and	   its	   affiliates),	   the	   All	  
Sports	  team,	  understand	  the	  overall	  framework	  and	  vision	  for	  the	  All	  Sports	  Platform	  
prior	  to	  purchasing	  SOC.	  

Draft  for  open  community  review  and  subject  to  change.	  

