1

A ROBO-ADVISOR MARKETPLACE
BASED ON AI AND BIG DATA.

Project Introduction
V1.0 (2018)

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

2

Table of Contents
Introduction
1.1. Alphacat Project Summary ............................................................................................... 5
1.2. Alphacat Meaning ............................................................................................................ 5
1.3. Alphacat Success .............................................................................................................. 5
Market Background
Problem Statement
3.1. The Financial Technology Monopoly................................................................................ 9
3.1.1.

Ordinary investors can not enjoy the benefits of financial technology ............... 9

3.1.2.

Creators cannot get direct rewards .................................................................... 9

3.2. Lack of Solutions in Digital Currency Markets .................................................................. 9
What is Alphacat
4.1. ACAT-Terminal ............................................................................................................... 10
4.2. ACAT-Engine .................................................................................................................. 10
4.3. ACAT-Store (Marketplace) ............................................................................................. 11
Alphacat Marketplace
5.1. Alphacat Marketplace Participants ................................................................................ 12
5.1.1.

Architects/Engineers (financial experts/programmers) .................................... 12

5.1.2.

Surveyors (professional investors) .................................................................... 12

5.1.3.

Ordinary investors............................................................................................. 12

5.2. Economic Model of the ACAT token .............................................................................. 13
5.2.1.

Architects/Engineers (financial experts/programmers) .................................... 13

5.2.2.

Surveyors (professional investors) .................................................................... 13

5.2.3.

Investors (ordinary investors) ........................................................................... 13

Alphacat Benefits and Achievements
6.1.Platform Benefits ............................................................................................................ 15
6.1.1

Based on advanced financial technology .......................................................... 15

6.1.2

Based on a decentralized community of experts and researchers ................... 15

6.1.3

Based on an open development platform ........................................................ 15

6.1.4

Based on blockchain technology ....................................................................... 15

6.2.Achievements ................................................................................................................. 16
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

3

Development and Roadmap
8.

Alphacat Tokens
8.1. Allocation of Alphacat Tokens ........................................................................................ 18
8.2. Allocation of Raised Tokens ........................................................................................... 19

9.

Team & Management Structure
9.1. Core Team Members ..................................................................................................... 20
9.2. Fund Governance Structure ........................................................................................... 22
Risk Disclosure and Disclaimers
10.1. Risk Disclosure and Recognition................................................................................... 24
10.2. Disclaimer .................................................................................................................... 26

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

4

PREFACE

In human history, the establishment, popularization, and development of each new
financial system involves going through a period where it must gradually be recognized
by more and more users.
Prices experience small and large fluctuations and investment behavior shifts from
subjective trading to trading using new financial technology, such as quantitative and
automated trading.
We believe that with the rapid development of the blockchain industry, digital
currencies and digital assets based on fairness, honesty, and security will become an
important part of the future global financial system.
However, there is a gap in the market in realizing financial analysis, risk management
methods and tools for the digital currencies and digital assets world by using advanced
financial technology.

In this context, Alphacat was born.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

5

1. Introduction

1.1.Alphacat Project Summary
Alphacat is the most advanced A.I. robo-advisor marketplace for simple-to-use yet
powerful applications and services focused on cryptocurrencies. Developed by a truly
stellar team and built with the NEO platform, Alphacat provides a platform which gives
its users a competitive edge by leveraging proven and patented trading algorithms,
combined with advanced artificial intelligence and big data technologies. The goal of
Alphacat is to make investing in cryptocurrency easy and accessible for everyone,
regardless of their background or experience.
Alphacat plans to disrupt and revolutionize the FinTech (Financial Technology) industry
by offering a complete eco-system for digital assets based financial applications and
services. It will serve as a platform for all levels of investors to make informed
investment decisions, using its robo-advisor services, and also serve as a full-scale
development platform for future service creators who seek to utilize these powerful
tools and datasets, typically reserved for large financial institutions – until now.

1.2.Alphacat Meaning
The origin of the name of Alphacat, where ‘Alpha’ in the financial sector means excess
returns, and CAT is the abbreviation of Computer Aided Trading. That means using AI
robot instead of people 24 hours a day to do investment transactions, to achieve the
excess returns.

1.3.Alphacat Success
As soon as the Alphacat Project was launched, it has received more than twenty
institutional and individual investments, including Node Capital, ChainFunder, PreAngel
Capital, ChainLinker Fund, WaterDrip Capital, Aware Capital, Probing VC, HQ Finance,
ROOTS Capital, Alpha Connect, NEXT Blockchain Fund, CFun, BIT168 Fund, Block VC,
Ripple Capital, Bo Shen- the Founder of FenBuShi Venture Capital, Richard- the Partner
of DFJ Dragon Fund.
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

6

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

7

2. Market Background
Quantitative investment in financial technology is developing rapidly, which is
constantly changing the mode of investment
Over the past decade or so, with the development of financial technology, financial markets
have been paying more and more attention to data. Investing in quantitative transactions,
which is realized through the analysis of big data, has grown to be the most successful trading
strategy. In the past few years, the share of quantitative transactions, in the market value of
investments held, rose from 8% in 2011 to 13% by 2016.

UBS trading floor15 years ago

Today

Investment management using financial technology is proven to be more effective than
traditional, subjective investment management.
The reality is that human traders will never be able to compete with companies that
have the advantage of high-frequency trading robots at their disposal. The robots have
the ability to work 24-hours a day and analyze massive amounts of big data, which
results in quicker decision implementation at a lower cost. Additionally, by continuously
monitoring the markets without rest, and avoiding the downfall of emotional trading,
the robots traders are better at managing risks and avoiding “black swan” events.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

8

Picture above: AlphaGO artificial intelligence robot designed by Deep Mind defeated the human
Go World Champion.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

9

3. Problem Statement

3.1.The Financial Technology Monopoly
3.1.1. Ordinary investors can not enjoy the benefits of financial technology
Although the advantages of financial technology are obvious, most ordinary
investors cannot directly use financial technology in their daily transactions, because
they lack the expertise, information, data, personal energy, and resources that are
generally only available to large financial institutions and high net-worth investors.
3.1.2. Creators cannot get direct rewards
Additionally, professional financial technology inventors are limited to working for
large financial institutions, such as large banks and funds. Although their inventions
have been very successful and have been verified through successful models and cases,
they are still subject to segregation within the market, and cannot promote their
successful inventions and profit from them directly. At present, there is no platform that
exists with the quality of control in the market that can ensure that customers can get
high quality forecasting applications and services, or a place where researchers can
publish their work independently.

3.2.Lack of Solutions in Digital Currency Markets
As of now, there is no institute which is focusing on applying financial technology to the
realm of digital currency management and investment. With the rapid development of
the blockchain industry.

“We believe that the market value of cryptocurrencies will exceed one-trillion U.S. dollars
in the near future. Financial technology will be used not only for the invention and
formation of financial instruments and derivatives based on digital currency, (such as
futures, funds, FOFs and insurance), but also for the realization of new investment and
trading strategies. For this future we have built Alphacat!”

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

10

4. What is Alphacat
Alphacat is a platform that brings the advantages of financial technology into the digital
currency world. Once reserved for large financial institutions, these advantages would be made
accessible to everyone.

Alphacat is a full-scale development platform for financial experts to build, deploy and
monetize from applications and services focused on digital assets, built using Alphacat’s
powerful ACAT-engine.
Alphacat is also a marketplace where investors of all levels can buy, use and rate these
applications and services. Alphacat's “crypto-power-tools” will give users a competitive
edge in the digital trading market, allowing them to reach higher returns with better
trading decisions.

Alphacat Solutions
Alphacat plans to disrupt and revolutionize the FinTech industry by offering a complete
ecosystem for digital-assets financial applications and services.

4.1.Alphacat-Terminal
The ACAT-Terminal is similar to other enterprise level financial terminals such as WIND
and Bloomberg, and is specifically focused on cryptocurrencies.
The ACAT-Terminal database delivers complete coverage of digital assets, by capturing,
classifying and encapsulating thousands of datasets, it provides the powerful insight
needed to understand and navigate the complex digital market world.

4.2.Alphacat-Engine
Our financial engine is the core of our platform, running and combining the results from
thousands of artificial intelligence trading robots and leveraging years of experience,
patented trading algorithms, big-data analysis and other technologies not yet
commercially available to the world. This powerful financial engine will allow future
developers to easily design and deploy their own investment applications and services,
making them readily accessible to anyone using the platform.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

11

4.3.Alphacat-Store (Marketplace)
The Marketplace, also known as the ACAT-Store, is where all investors, regardless of
their background or experience, can buy various AI-powered financial applications and
services built with the ACAT-Engine and sold on the ACAT-Store by financial experts
and developers known as architects and engineers. These applications and their
performance will be evaluated and rated by users, creating an ever-improving, selfsustaining and fully decentralized marketplace for “crypto-power-tools”.

“Alphacat’s technological capabilities and services are at the forefront of the fields
related to the quantitative investment in Fintech, and the digital assets in the
blockchain.”

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

12

5. Alphacat Marketplace

5.1.Alphacat Marketplace Participants
The marketplace will be built around three types of users:
5.1.1. Architects/Engineers (financial experts/programmers)
•

Thesis creators who will generate the basis for algorithms based on their contextual
understanding of non-obvious financial information.

•

Algorithm creators, who will quantify investment theses into an executable
algorithm.

5.1.2. Surveyors (professional investors)
•

Users who seek to use the analysis generated by algorithms to inform their
investment decisions or other research.

5.1.3. Ordinary investors
•

Digital investment traders who can use these applications and services, regardless
of their background or experience.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

13

5.2.Economic Model of the ACAT token
Alphacat tokens are referred to as “ACAT,” the currency used in a variety of
scenarios on the platform.
Additionally, ACAT tokens can be circulated and traded on secondary markets.
5.2.1. Architects/Engineers (financial experts/programmers)
•

Architects/Engineers will be required to stake ACAT tokens to publish their own
inventions and research results on the platform.

•

They will obtain ACAT tokens as a reward after the users use their research results
based on performance. The more the research results are accessed, the more
rewards they will get.

•

Architects can stake ACAT tokens to open up opportunities for engineers to
develop their strategies.

•

Architects / engineers can pay for related development tools using the ACAT tokens

5.2.2. Surveyors (professional investors)
•

ACAT tokens will be awarded for subscribing to and distributing architects’ /
engineers' inventions.
Investors (ordinary investors)

•

Common investors will pay in ACAT tokens for the use of specific services on the
platform.

For example:
Architects/Engineers release a forecast investment tool on the probability of the rise
and fall of BTC + ETH on the Alphacat platform. The docking with relevant agreements of
the exchange will be realized on the Alphacat platform. Ordinary investors can
complete the trading of the investment strategy by pressing a single button, as long as
they have subscribed for access to the tool.
Architects/Engineers can set a certain amount of ACAT tokens to be staked for this tool
and will also stake ACAT tokens to be unlocked based on the accuracy of the actual
investment and receive user staked tokens pro-rata as a reward.
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

14

At the same time, architects/engineers can invite surveyors to evaluate and share their
applications after releasing their applications and pay a certain amount of ACAT tokens.
The

Alphacat

platform

regularly

rewards

ACAT

tokens

to

the

best

architects/engineers/surveyors based on the accuracy and consistency of their
performance.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

15

6. Alphacat Benefits and Achievements

6.1.Platform Benefits
6.1.1. Based on advanced financial technology
Recognizing the potential diversity in the field of quantitative analysis, we are
continuing to develop Alphacat, and will be utilizing AI, blockchain, big data
analysis, and other technologies not yet commercially available in the world.
The application of these technologies has shown to be superior in cost and
efficiency against traditional investment means and methods.
6.1.2. Based on a decentralized community of experts and researchers
Alphacat will use its own team of experts initially, to provide certified financial
forecasting and trading models and applications, but will also look to include an
ever growing number of approved third-party researchers to publish and monetize
their own financial applications and services.
At the same time, the Alphacat platform will encourage the users of these
applications and services to conduct valuable reviews and evaluations of the
performance of these “crypto-power-tools”, to share them and to get rewarded
for publishing their evaluations.
The Alphacat ecosystem will provide the resources, as well as the incentives to do
this, thus supporting and creating a decentralized platform.
6.1.3. Based on an open development platform
Alphacat will develop a full-scale development platform that will provide creators
the resources to develop, test and deploy their algorithms.
The platform will include relevant standards and incentives based on invention,
quality management, settlement, statistics, sharing, etc. It will also establish a
series of foundational tools for approved third-party researchers to allow them the
convenience to create professional investment strategies in their own field.
6.1.4. Based on blockchain technology
Alphacat is a decentralized application marketplace built on NEO, where approved
third-party researchers and reviewers use their expertise in their respective fields
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

16

to create firm and secure investment papers and publish them for the
community. Their innovations will be shared and maintained on the NEO
blockchain. The NEO blockchain protects their intellectual property, allowing them
to benefit from their years of work. Future markets will allow daily investors to
grow from this flow of information.
The NEO blockchain will also protect the privacy and information security of
investors and maintain fairness and verifiability.

6.2.Achievements
•

Awarded with four U.S. financial technology patents to date.

•

To date, Alphacat has accumulated 1.2 billion structured financial data points

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

17

7. Development and Roadmap

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

18

8. Alphacat Tokens
Alphacat token is abbreviated as ACAT.
A total of 6,250,000,000 Alphacat tokens will be issued.
Among them, 2,500,000,000 ACAT tokens will be circulated in the token sale phase.

8.1.Allocation of Alphacat Tokens

•

40% for token sale

•

15% for the Alphacat team

•

10% for Alphacat early investors

•

35% in reserve for future supply to the Alphacat platform

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

19

8.2.Allocation of Raised Tokens

•

5% for legal

•

25% for operations

•

35% for marketing expenses and community contributor rewards and incubation

•

35% for R&D

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

20

9. Team & Management Structure
The core team of Alphacat was founded by Dr. Bin Li in the second half of 2015. Mainly
composed of Wall Street financial experts and former team members of Google’s
artificial intelligence program.
The Alphacat team includes more than thirty experts holding advanced degrees in AI,
machine learning, finance technology, big data, and blockchain. The team is working
together to further develop Alphacat prediction algorithms and the Alphacat platform.

9.1. Core Team Members

Dr. Bin Li，Co-Founder &CEO
Former Vice President of Merrill Lynch; Executive Director at UBS North America and
Head of UBS Global Quantitative Trading Strategies Group;
PhD in Physics from NYU
Li Bin was accepted into the China University of Science and Technology at the age of
16. He was then sponsored to study in the United States by the Chinese-American
physicist and Nobel laureate in Physics, Dr. Tsung-Dao Lee. Li Bin obtained his PhD in
Physics in 1992 at New York University. After finishing his postdoctoral research at the
NYU’s Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Mr. Li joined the Wall Street
investment bank, Merrill Lynch.
From 1993 to 2000, he served as a Vice President at Merrill Lynch and then Executive
Director at UBS North America, before becoming Director of Global Quantitative
Trading Strategies Group. He was one of the six members of UBS North America’s
Executive Committee. In 2001, Dr. Li and partners co-founded AASTOCKS.com
(AAStocks.com) in Hong Kong, now the most successful financial web portal in Hong
Kong. The company was acquired by Shanghai DZH Ltd. In 2010.
Since 2001, Dr. Li Bin successively served as Chairman of Westport Financial LLC, Chief
Operating Officer of Ping Capital, CIO of Yellow River Fund, and Senior Fund Manager
at Paloma Partners (Paloma is a US-based Quantitative Hedge Fund Platform which
has incubated the world famous hedge funds Renaissance Technology and DE Shaws).
Alphacat currently has more than thirty experts with advanced degrees in AI, machine
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

21

learning, finance technology, big data and blockchain working together to further
develop our prediction and trading algorithms.

Dr. Liang Li, Executive Director at Alphacat US Lab
Dr. Liang Li received his Ph.D. in communications from the McMaster University,
Canada, in 1995. His studies specialized in neural networks and Artificial Intelligence,
making him a perfect fit for our team.
From 2002 to 2015, Dr. Liang Li served as a Technical Director, CTO, and a Consultant
for a number of large companies such as Nortel, Motorola, Conexant, Rockwell,
and Huawei.
In 2008, he led the development of four international IEEE Wireless Communication
Standards and one Chinese Wireless Communication Standard. The IEEE Standards
Committee gave a special contribution award to Dr. Liang Li for his work.
In 2015, Dr. Liang Li successfully financed, established and served as the CTO of
the NxEco intelligent cloud platform company in the United States. NxEco smart
products have entered into both the Chinese and global markets in large quantities.
To date, he has applied for and received more than 10 patents related to artificial
intelligence.

Hanan Yariv, Global Marketing Director
With over 12 years of work experience in various IT roles-rising from lead developer to
technical director-and with degrees in IT and Asian Studies, Hanan is a highly skilled
tech person with creative social engineering and digital marketing skills. Hanan also has
experience working trade shows in New York, Las Vegas and Frankfurt, before
becoming an entrepreneur in the FMCG and hospitality industries. Hanan has been
giving lectures about Bitcoin since 2014, and became highly active in the crypto-space
in early 2017.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

22

9.2 . Fund Governance Structure
The establishment of Alphacat Foundation
An Alphacat Foundation is set up in B.V.I for the purpose of governing and properly
managing any digital funds raised. The Alphacat Foundation is approved by the
government and is regulated by the laws of registered country. The foundation is
managed independently, by a board of trustees or management committees of
qualified persons and is independent from the government.
Alphacat is a non-profit organization founded in B.V.I. According to the local laws, the
Foundation is a legally established organization in support of, or participation in, public
or private interests that do not have any commercial interests. The "profits" earned
by the foundation are called surpluses, and will be retained as funds for other activities
without being distributed as profits among our members.

The mode of operation of Alphacat Foundation
Principles of financial management of Alphacat Foundation are: Overall arrangement
and integrated management; practical results; careful calculation and strict
budgeting, keeping expenditures within the limits of income. Asset management of
the Alphacat Foundation is included into the comprehensive budget management and
it prepares financial revenue and expenditure budgets according to actual operations.
The annual financial income and expenditure budget is reported to the autonomous
committee for deliberation. The monthly financial budget is reviewed by the Executive
Committee. The financial management center is responsible for preparation and
implementation.
•

Digital asset usage rights:

If a single expense exceeds 50 Bitcoins, the consent of the CEO of the Executive Board
is required.
If a single expense exceeds 100 Bitcoins, the consent of the autonomous commission
is required.
•

The Alphacat Foundation will introduce third-party audits to oversee the project's
financial operations, conduct fund audits and provide audit reports. Audit reports
will be disclosed in our annual information disclosure.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

23

Legal compliance and other matters
The Alphacat Foundation will employ well-known domestic law firms as legal advisors
to the Alphacat project, which will provide the Alphacat Project with comprehensive
legal services in digital asset transaction structure, operational compliance, legal risk
control system design and overseas legal advice.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

24

10. Risk Disclosure and Disclaimers

10.1. Risk Disclosure and Recognition
Systematic Risk
Systematic risk refers to the possible changes in earnings due to global common
factors that affect returns on all securities. For example, there may be policy risks. At
present, the regulatory policies for all blockchain projects and their financing methods
are not yet clear in this country, and there is a possibility of loss to participants due to
policy changes. In terms of market risk, if the overall value of the digital asset market is
overestimated, the investment risk will increase and participants may expect listing
projects to grow excessively. However, these high expectations may not be realized.
At the same time, systemic risks include a series of force majeure factors, including
but not limited to: natural disasters, widespread worldwide breakdown of computer
networks, or political instability.

Risk of lack of supervision
Digital asset transactions, including ACAT tokens, are highly uncertain. Due to the
current lack of strong regulation in the field of digital asset transactions, there is a risk
that electronic digital currencies will rise and drop suddenly and sharply and are
subject to market manipulation by bankers. If individual participants lack experience,
it may be hard for them to withstand the asset shock and psychological pressure
caused by market instability. Although experts and government media have given
cautious suggestions from time to time, there are still no written supervisory methods
or provisions. Therefore, such risks are hard to effectively circumvent.

Risk of introduction of regulation policy
It is undeniable that the in the foreseeable future, there will be an introduction of
regulations to constrain the blockchain and electronic digital currency areas. If official
entities regulate this sector, the digital currencies purchased during the listing period
may be effected, including, but not limited to, fluctuations or restrictions in price and
marketability.
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

25

Inter-team risk
At present, there are many blockchain technology teams and projects; the
competition is fierce and there is strong market competition and project operating
pressure. Whether the Alphacat project can break through with its many excellent
projects and receive wide recognition, will be determined by both our team’s
capabilities and vision, as well as our many competitors in the market, and even
oligarchs. The team may also face vicious competition.

Risk in the team
Alphacat brings together a team with vitality and strength, and attracts senior
practitioners in the area of blockchain and experienced technology developers. The
stability and cohesion within the team are crucial to the overall development of
Alphacat, a leader in the industry. In the future, Alphacat may be subject to negative
impacts caused by the departure of core personnel or conflicts within the team.

Project co-ordination and marketing risk
Alphacat’s founding team will spare no effort to achieve its development goals set out
in this Whitepaper and to expand the space for project growth. At present, Alphacat
has a relatively mature business model analysis. However, given unforeseen factors in
the overall development trend of the industry, Alphacat’s current business model and
overall planning approach cannot well match with market demands, thus making
earnings unpredictable. As a result, this Whitepaper may be adjusted as our project
develops and market trends change. If participants fail to obtain the updated details of
the project, or the public is not aware of the latest progress of the project, there may
be lack of awareness of the project due to such lack of information, thus affecting the
subsequent development of the project.

Project’s technical risk
The project is based on a cryptography algorithm. The rapid development of
cryptography is bound to bring the potential risk of being cracked. At the same time,
the blockchain, distributed ledger, decentralization and not agree to tamper with
support the development of core businesses and the Alphacat team cannot fully
guarantee the implementation of technology.
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

26

Hacking and crime risk
The amount of individual supporters is small, but the total number of users is large,
which also places high requirements on the safety and security of the project.
Electronic digital currency is anonymous and is difficult to trace, so it is often used by
criminals or vulnerable to hacking. It could also be used for criminal activities such as
the transfer of illegal assets.

Other unknown risks, at present
With the development of the blockchain technology and the overall industry, Alphacat
may face some unexpected risks. Participants should fully understand the team’s
background, know the project's overall framework and ideas, reasonably adjust their
own visions, and participate rationally in digital currency token sale before making the
decision to participate in this project.

10.2. Disclaimer
Alphacat is a non-profit system. The system's future internal reward mechanism and
operation, and its maintenance mechanisms, are based on virtual digital assets (i.e.,
virtual goods), rather than monetary incentives. The digital currency generated by the
system itself can be used as a reward for system maintenance. However, in order to
meet the exchange of resources between the system and other systems or other social
subjects, a certain amount of NEO currency and other virtual digital assets are required
to intervene. Accordingly, the assets acquired by Alphacat are only similar to other virtual
digital assets such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and NEO.
ACAT token is a digital currency with Alphacat as one of its usage scenarios. It is a kind
of virtualization reward system for the operation of the system, not a monetary return.
Therefore, ACAT currency exchange is not an investment. Holding ACAT currency does
not represent ownership of Alphacat or Alphacat applications. Alphacat does not grant
any individual any rights to participate in, control or make any decision about Alphacat
or the application of Alphacat. Any holder of ACAT token can participate in the
scenario of the Alphacat platform, but cannot directly sell ACAT token. The value goal
of the ACAT token is to create a scarcity experience for participants and holders about
Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

27

the application value and virtual goods of the Alphacat application platform and usage
scenarios, rather than monetary value or transactional value. We cannot guarantee
that ACAT tokens will have appreciation, and it is also possible that under certain
circumstances there will be a decline in the value of psychological cognition.
Due to these unpredictable circumstances, the goals outlined in this Whitepaper may
change. Although the team will do its utmost to achieve all of its goals, all individuals
and groups that purchase ACAT tokens do so at their own risk. This Alphacat Project
Whitepaper is for informational purposes only and does not constitute any investment
advice, investment intention or solicitation of investment. This Whitepaper does not
constitute any sale or purchase, any offer for sale or purchase, any form of securities,
or any form of contract or commitment.
Participants of the Alphacat listing project should carefully read this whitepaper to have
a comprehensive understanding of Alphacat's technical characteristics and the riskreturn characteristics, and should give full consideration to their own risk tolerance to
make their own rational judgment and a careful decision. Participants must be willing
to bear all the corresponding results or consequences once they indicate that they
understand and accept the risk of the project.

Best wishes,
Alphacat Team.

* Due to the differences between regional cultures, languages and time zones, the Alphacat team
shall have the final interpretation of all content.

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise all
the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue the legal
obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat (including but not
limited to reputation, economy, etc.)

