APOT (Allbit Proof Of Token)
[ Collective Intelligence for Token Economy ]

Version: 0.9.3.
Last Updated: October 5, 2018
Nikelis Limited

CONTENTS

DISCLAIMERS ................................................................................................................................................................................... 3
0. ABSTRACT.................................................................................................................................................................................. 10
1. INTRODUCTION ....................................................................................................................................................................... 11
2. APOT ........................................................................................................................................................................................... 14
3. GOVERNANCE AND TOKEN ECOSYSTEM .......................................................................................................................... 19
4. APPLICATION WITH ALLBIT PLATFORM ............................................................................................................................ 20
5. APPENDIX .................................................................................................................................................................................. 21

2

DISCLAIMERS
Please read this entire section carefully. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take, please consult
your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s).

1.1.
(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)
(h)

1.2.
(a)

Legal Statement
This Whitepaper (“Whitepaper”), in its current form, is circulated for general information purposes only
in relation to the platform and applications described in the Whitepaper (“Allbit Platform” or
“Platform”) as presently conceived and is subject to review and revision. Please note that this
Whitepaper is a work in progress and the information in this Whitepaper is current only as of the date
on the cover hereof. Thereafter, the information, including information concerning Nikelis Limited
(“Nikelis” or the “Company”) business operations and financial condition may have changed. We
reserve the right to change, modify, add or delete parts of this Whitepaper or website without notice
for any reason or at any time.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and
purchase of the tokens native to the Allbit Platform (“APOT” or “Token”) (as defined below) and no
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any sale and purchase of the Token will be
governed by a legally binding agreement, the details of which will be made available separately from
this Whitepaper. In the event of any inconsistencies between the abovementioned agreement and this
Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation
of any offer by the issuer/distributor/vendor of the Token to purchase any Token nor shall it or any part
of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract
or investment decision.
The Tokens are not intended to constitute securities, units in a business trust, or units in a collective
investment scheme, each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, or
its equivalent in any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, this Whitepaper therefore, does not, and is not
intended to, constitute a prospectus, profile statement, or offer document of any sort, and should not
be construed as an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective
investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any
jurisdiction.
No Token should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any
opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns
arising from or in connection with the Platform, the Token, or products, or to receive sums paid out of
such profits, income, or other payments or returns.
This Whitepaper or any part hereof may not be reproduced, distributed or otherwise disseminated in
any jurisdiction where offering coins/tokens in the manner set out this Whitepaper is regulated or
prohibited.
No regulatory authority has reviewed, examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction.
Where you wish to purchase any Token, the Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or
treated as: (a) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks or shares issued
by any entity; (c) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; (d) rights
under a contract for differences or under any other contract with the purpose or pretended purpose to
secure a profit or avoid a loss; or (e) units or derivatives in a collective investment scheme or business
trust, or any other type of securities.

Restrictions on Distribution and Dissemination
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted
by the laws or regulatory requirements of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you
are to inform yourself about, to obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and to observe, any
restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case
3

(b)

1.3.
(a)

(b)

(c)

1.4.
(a)

(b)

(c)

may be) at your own expense and without liability to the Company or its representatives, agents, and
related companies (“Affiliates”).
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to
or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other person,
reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose
whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.

Disclaimer of Liability
The Token, the Platform and related services provided by the Company and its Affiliates are provided
on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The Company and its Affiliates do not grant any warranties or
make any representation, express or implied or otherwise, as to the accessibility, quality, suitability,
accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the Token, the Platform or any related services provided by the
Company and its Affiliates, and expressly disclaim any liability for errors, delays, or omissions in, or for
any action taken in reliance on, the Token, the Platform and related services provided by the Company
and its Affiliates.
The Company, its Affiliates and its directors, officials and employees do not make or purport to make,
and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity
or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and
completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws and regulations, the Company and its Affiliates
shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or
data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part
thereof by you.

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements
Certain information set forth in this Whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the
future of the project, future events and projections. These statements are not statements of historical
fact and may be identified by but not limited to words and phrases such as “will”, “estimate”, “believe”,
“expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, or words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are also
included in other publicly available materials such as presentations, interviews, videos etc., information
contained in this Whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited to future
results, performance, or achievements of the Company or its Affiliates.
The forward-looking statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance and no undue reliance should be placed on them. Should any of these
risks or uncertainties materialise, the actual performance and progress of the Company or its Affiliates
might differ from expectations set by the forward-looking statements. The Company or its Affiliates
undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements should there be any change in
circumstances. By acting upon forward-looking information received from this Whitepaper, the
Company or its Affiliates’ website and other materials produced by the Company or its Affiliates, you
personally bear full responsibility in the event where the forward-looking statements do not materialize.
As of the date of this Whitepaper, the Platform has not been completed and is not fully operational. Any
description pertaining to and regarding the Platform is made on the basis that the Platform will be
completed and be fully operational. However, this paragraph shall in no way be construed as providing
any form of guarantee or assurance that the Platform will eventually be completed or be fully
operational.

1.5.
Potential Risks
By purchasing, holding and using the Tokens, you expressly acknowledge and assume the risks set out in this
section If any of these risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects of the Company or its Affiliates may be materially and adversely affected. In
such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the Token. Such risks include but are not limited to the
4

following:
Risks Relating to the Tokens
(a)
There may not be a public or secondary market for the Tokens
(i)
The Tokens are intended to be native tokens to be used on the Platform, and the Company and its
Affiliates have not and may not actively facilitate any secondary trading or external trading of Tokens. In
addition, there is and has been no public market for the Tokens and the Tokens are not traded, whether
on any cryptocurrency exchange or otherwise. In the event that the Tokens are traded on a
cryptocurrency exchange, there is no assurance that an active or liquid trading market for the Tokens
will develop or if developed, be sustained. There is also no assurance that the market price of the Tokens
will not decline below the purchase amount paid for the Tokens, which is not indicative of such market
price.
(ii)
An APOT is not a currency issued by any central bank or national, supra-national or quasi-national
organisation, nor is it backed by any hard assets or other credit. The Company and its Affiliates are not
responsible for nor do they pursue the circulation and trading of the Tokens on the market. Trading of
the Tokens merely depends on the consensus on its value between the relevant market participants,
and no one is obliged to acquire any Token from any holder of the Token, including the purchasers of
the Tokens, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity or market price of the Tokens to any extent at any
time. Accordingly, the Company and its Affiliates cannot ensure that there will be any demand or market
for the Tokens, or that the price upon which the Tokens were purchased is indicative of the market price
of the Tokens if they are made available for trading on a cryptocurrency exchange.
Risks Relating to the Company, its Affiliates and the Platform
(a)
Limited availability of sufficient information
(i)
The Platform is still at an early development phase as of the date of this Whitepaper. Its governance
structure, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical
specifications and parameters may be updated and changed frequently without notice. While this
Whitepaper contains the key information currently available in relation to the Platform, it is subject to
adjustments and updates from time to time, as announced on the Company’s website. Purchasers will
not have full access to all the information relevant to the Tokens and/or the Platform. Nevertheless, it
is anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will be announced on the Company’s
website.
(b)
The digital assets raised in the sale of the Tokens are exposed to risks of theft
(i)
Whilst the Company and its Affiliates will make every effort to ensure that the ETH received from the
sale of Tokens are securely held through the implementation of security measures, there is no assurance
that there will be no theft of the cryptocurrencies as a result of hacks, mining attacks, sophisticated
cyber-attacks, distributed denials of service or errors, vulnerabilities or defects on such blockchain
addresses, the Ethereum Blockchain, or any other blockchain, or otherwise. Such events may include,
for example, flaws in programming or source code leading to exploitation or abuse thereof. In such event,
even if the sale of Tokens is completed, the Company and its Affiliates may not be able to receive the
cryptocurrencies raised and the Company and its Affiliates may not be able to utilise such funds for the
development of the Platform, and the launch of the Platform might be temporarily or permanently
curtailed. As such, the issued Tokens may hold little worth or value. The Tokens are uninsured, unless
you specifically obtain private insurance to insure them. In the event of any loss or loss of value of the
Tokens, you may have no recourse.
(c)
The blockchain address(es) may be compromised and the digital assets may not be able to be
retrieved
(i)
The blockchain address(es) are designed to be secured. However, in the event that the blockchain
address(es) for the receipt of purchase amounts or otherwise are, for any reason, compromised
(including but not limited to scenarios of the loss of keys to such blockchain address(es), the funds held
at such blockchain address(es) may not be able to be retrieved and disbursed, and may be permanently
unrecoverable. In such event, even if the sale of the Tokens is successful, the Company and its Affiliates
will not be able to receive the funds raised and the Company and its Affiliates will not be able to utilise
such funds for the development of the Platform, and the implementation of the Platform might be
temporarily or permanently curtailed. As such, distributed Tokens may hold little worth or value.
5

(d)
(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(e)
(i)

(ii)

(f)

(i)

(ii)

There is no assurance of any success of the Platform and the Company and its Affiliates may cease
the development, launch and operation of the Platform
The value of, and demand for, the Tokens hinges heavily on the performance of the Platform. There is
no assurance that the Platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success.
The Platform has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and is subject to further changes,
updates and adjustments prior to its launch. Such changes may result in unexpected and unforeseen
effects on its projected appeal to users, and hence impact its success. There are no guarantees that the
process for creating the Tokens will be uninterrupted or error-free.
While the Company has made every effort to provide a realistic estimate, there is also no assurance that
the cryptocurrencies raised in the sale of Tokens will be sufficient for the development and integration
of the Platform. For the foregoing or any other reason, the development and integration of the Platform
may not be completed and there is no assurance that its systems, protocols or products will be launched
at all. As such, distributed Tokens may hold little or no worth or value.
Additional reasons which may result in the termination of the development, launch or operation of the
Platform includes, but is not limited to, (aa) an unfavourable fluctuation in the value of cryptographic
and fiat currencies, (bb) the inability of the Company and its Affiliates to establish the Platform or the
Tokens’ utility or to resolve technical problems and issues faced in relation to the development or
operation of the Platform or the Token, the failure of commercial relationships, (cc) intellectual property
disputes during development or operation, and (dd) changes in the future capital needs of the Company
or its Affiliates and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs. For the aforesaid and
other reasons, the Platform may no longer be a viable project and may be dissolved or simply not
launched, negatively impacting the Platform and the potential utility and value of the Tokens.
There may be lack of demand for the Platform and the services provided, which would impact the
value of the Tokens
There is a risk that upon launching of the Platform, there is a lack of interest from consumers, merchants,
advertisers, and other key participants for the Platform and the services, and that there may be limited
interest and therefore use of the Platform and the Tokens. Such a lack of interest could impact the
operation of the Platform and the uses or potential value of the Tokens.
There is a risk of competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, or even from
existing businesses which would target any segment of the potential users of the Platform fulfilling
similar demands, e.g. corporations targeting advertisers seeking purchase consumer data and market
analysis. Therefore, in the event that the competition results in a lack of interest and demand for the
Platform, the services and the Tokens, the operation of the Platform and the value of the Tokens may
be negatively impacted.
The Company and its Affiliates may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions in its
network or services, hardware or software defects, security breaches or other causes that could
adversely affect the Company or its Affiliates’ infrastructure network, or the Platform
The Company and its Affiliates are unable to anticipate or detect when there would be occurrences of
hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining
power attacks and “selfish-mining” attacks), distributed denials of service or errors, vulnerabilities or
defects in the Platform, the Tokens, or any technology (including but not limited to smart contract
technology) on which the Company, its Affiliates, the Platform, the Tokens, rely on or the Ethereum
Blockchain or any other blockchain. Such events may include, for example, flaws in programming or
source code leading to exploitation or abuse thereof. The Company and its Affiliates may not be able to
detect such issues in a timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources to efficiently cope with
multiple service incidents happening simultaneously or in rapid succession.
Although the Company and its Affiliates will be taking steps against malicious attacks on its appliances
or its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance of the Platform and its other services, there
can be no assurance that cyber-attacks, such as distributed denials of service, will not be attempted in
the future, and that any of such security measures will be effective. Any significant breach of security
measures or other disruptions resulting in a compromise of the usability, stability and security of the
Company and its Affiliates’ network or services, including the Platform.

6

Risks Relating to the Participation in the Sale of Tokens
(a)
You may not be able to recover the purchase amount paid for the Tokens
(i)
Except as provided under any applicable terms of sale or prescribed by applicable laws and regulations,
the Company is not obliged to provide you with a refund of the purchase amount. No promises of future
performance or price are or will be made in respect to the Tokens, including promises of inherent value
or continuing payments, and there is no guarantee that the Tokens will hold any particular value.
Therefore, the recovery of the purchase amount may be impossible or may be subject to applicable laws
and regulations.
(b)
You may be subject to adverse legal and/or tax implications as a result of the purchase, distribution
and use of the Tokens
(i)
The legal character of cryptocurrency and cryptographic assets remain uncertain. The Company and its
Affiliates does not provide any warranty or guarantee as to how the Tokens will be classified, and each
purchaser will bear all consequences of the Tokens being considered securities in their respective
jurisdictions, and bear the responsibility of the legality, use and transfer of the Tokens in the relevant
jurisdictions.
(ii)
Further, the tax treatment of the acquisition or disposal of such cryptocurrency or cryptographic assets
might depend on whether they are classified as securities, assets, currency or otherwise. As the tax
characterisation of the Tokens remains indeterminate, you must seek your own tax advice in connection
with the purchase, acquisition or disposal of the Tokens, which may result in adverse tax consequences
or tax reporting requirements for you.
(c)
The loss or compromise of information relating to the purchaser wallet and your Platform ID may
affect your access to and possession of the Tokens
(i)
There is a risk that you may lose access to and possession of the Tokens permanently due to loss of
unique personal ID created on the Platform, and other identification information, loss of requisite
private key(s) associated with the purchaser wallet or vault storing the Tokens or any other kind of
custodial or purchaser errors.
(d)
Blockchains may face congestion and transactions may be delayed or lost
(i)
Most blockchains used for cryptocurrency transactions (e.g. Ethereum) are prone to periodic congestion
during which transactions can be delayed or lost. Individuals may also intentionally spam the network
in an attempt to gain an advantage in purchasing cryptographic tokens. This may result in a situation
where block producers may not include your purchase of the Tokens when you intends to transact, or
your transaction may not be included at all.
Privacy and data retention issues
(a)
As part of the Token sales, the verification processes and the subsequent operation of the Platform, the
Company may collect personal information from you. The collection of such information is subject to
applicable laws and regulations. All information collected will be used for purposes of the Token sales
and operations of the Platform, thus it may be transferred to contractors, service providers and
consultants worldwide as appointed by the Company. Apart from external compromises, the Company
and its appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breaches whereby their employees may
misappropriate, misplace or lose personal information of purchasers. The Company may be required to
expend significant financial resources to alleviate problems caused by any breaches or losses, settle
fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory or government authorities. Any information breaches or
losses will also damage the Company’s reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects.
Macro Risks
(a)
General global market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on the Company and
its Affiliates’ operations and the use of the Platform
(i)
The Company and its Affiliates could be affected by general global economic and market conditions.
Challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time to time, contributed, and may continue to
contribute, to slowdowns in the information technology industry at large. Weakness in the economy
may have a negative effect on the Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies, results of operations
and prospects.

7

(ii)

(iii)

(b)

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

(v)

(c)

(i)

Suppliers on which the Platform relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also be
negatively impacted by economic conditions that, in turn, could have a negative impact on the Company
and its Affiliates’ operations or expenses.
There can be no assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions or worsening economic
conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have a significant adverse impact on the
Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies, results of operations and prospects and hence the
Platform, which may in turn impact the value of the Tokens.
The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, Tokens, offering of
Tokens, and the Platform remain uncertain, and any changes, regulations or policies may materially
adversely affect the development of the Platform and the utility of the Tokens
Regulation of the Tokens, the offer and sale of Tokens, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and
cryptocurrency exchanges is currently undeveloped or underdeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve. Such
regulation also varies significantly among different jurisdictions, and is hence subject to significant
uncertainty. The various legislative and executive bodies in different jurisdictions may in the future
adopt laws, regulations, guidance, or other actions, which may severely impact the development and
growth of the Platform, the adoption and utility of the Tokens or the issue, offer, and sale of the Tokens
by the Company. Failure by the Company and its Affiliates or users of the Platform to comply with any
laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or are subject to interpretation and may
be subject to change, could result in a variety of adverse consequences against the Company and its
Affiliates, including civil penalties and fines.
Blockchain networks also face an uncertain regulatory landscape in many foreign jurisdictions. Various
jurisdictions may, in the near future, adopt laws, regulations or directives that affect the Platform, and
therefore, the value of the Tokens. Such laws, regulations or directives may directly and negatively
impact the operations of the Company and its Affiliates. The effect of any future regulatory change is
impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial and could materially adverse to the
development and growth of the Platform and the adoption and utility of the Tokens.
To the extent that the Company and its Affiliates may be required to obtain licences, permits and/or
approvals (collectively, the “Regulatory Approvals”) to carry out its business, including that of the
creation of the Tokens and the development and operation of the Platform, but are unable to obtain
such Regulatory Approvals or if such Regulatory Approvals are not renewed or revoked for whatever
reason by the relevant authorities, the business of the Company and its Affiliates may be adversely
affected.
There is no assurance that more stringent requirements will not be imposed upon the Company and its
Affiliates by the relevant authorities in the future, or that the Company and its Affiliates will be able to
adapt in a timely manner to changing regulatory requirements. These additional or more stringent
regulations may restrict the Company and its Affiliates’ ability to operate its business and the Company
and its Affiliates may face actions for non-compliance if it fails to comply with any of such requirements.
Further, should the costs (financial or otherwise) of complying with such newly implemented
regulations exceed a certain threshold, maintaining the Platform may no longer be commercially viable
and the Company and its Affiliates may opt to discontinue the Platform and/or the Tokens. Further, it is
difficult to predict how or whether governments or regulatory authorities may implement any changes
to laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the
Platform and the Tokens. The Company and its Affiliates may also have to cease operations in a
jurisdiction that makes it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or make it commercially unviable or
undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction. In scenarios
such as the foregoing, the distributed Tokens may hold little or no worth or value.
There may be risks relating to acts of God, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil
commotions widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control of the
Company and its Affiliates
The sale of the Tokens and the performance of the Company, its Affiliates and/or the Platform’s activities
may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to acts of God, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks,
riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control of the
Company and its Affiliates. Such events could also lead to uncertainty in the economic outlook of global
markets and there is no assurance that such markets will not be affected, or that recovery from the
global financial crisis would continue. In such events, the Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies,
8

(d)

results of operations and outlook may be materially and adversely affected, and the demand for and
use of the Tokens and the Platform may be materially affected. Further, if an outbreak of such infectious
or communicable diseases occurs in any of the countries in which the Company, its Affiliates, and the
participants of the Platform have operations in the future, market sentiment could be adversely affected
and this may have a negative impact on the Platform and its community.
Blockchain and cryptocurrencies, including the Tokens are a relatively new and dynamic technology.
In addition to the risks highlighted herein, there are other risks associated with your purchase of,
holding and use of the Tokens, including those that we cannot anticipate. Such risks may further
materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks discussed herein.

1.6.
No Further Information or Update
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper
in connection with the Tokens, the Platform, the Company or its Affiliates and their respective businesses and
operations, and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised
by or on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates.

1.7.
Language
This Whitepaper may be translated into other languages. If any disagreement should arise due to different
language translations, the version in English will prevail.

1.8.
No Advice
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding
the Token, the Platform, the Company or its Affiliates. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other
professional advisor(s) regarding the Token, the Company or its Affiliates and their respective businesses and
operations. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of the Tokens
for an indefinite period of time.

9

0. ABSTRACT
We exchange everything every day. From household supplies for living to the goods for cultural entertainments
which are all gained through the market economy. As an economic unit, it has judging systems in order to
maintain and keep the economic ecosystem healthy allowing us to exchange goods freely and without
discrimination. Many financial institutions such as banks and stock companies have their own estimation
standards for efficient financial services. There are firms that specialize in evaluating corporates. Even Play Store
of Google has an application rating system. Despite varied scales and specialties, these evaluations and
assessments protect the rights of diverse economic agents and guarantee efficient operation of the economy.
Interestingly, the appearance of cryptocurrency based on the blockchain technology is changing our
understanding of exchange, currency, and assessment system. The very relation between nation-state and
market was a traditional subject in economics but network-individual based on the data-interchange platform
ruined most speculations and conjectures. No one dared make an assumption on the future economy and this
unpredictability produces abundant and colorful opportunities to create added values.
Allbit Platform created by Ozys wants to lead the discussions on cryptocurrency as well as the new opportunities
in front of us among the dramatic changes of market environments. Cryptocurrency systems based on the
blockchain technology is considered as a future currency and is being used very actively and it is quite
embarrassing to admit that there are no reliable devices to protect users. The absence of protection is a main
characteristic of cryptocurrency. Unreliability and decentralization are key factors of cryptocurrency system so
there is no central or reliability. Allbit Platform aims to estimate the values of cryptocurrencies through APOT by
utilizing collective intelligence from digital environment and protect trade participants by sharing the resulting
information. Allbit Platform will assess cryptocurrency values based on the reputations formed by collective
intelligence network and members of Allbit governance. It will also contribute to the entire network by sharing
their knowledge. As part of the collective intelligence network, the Allbit governance members will get rewards
according to their participation and which will lead to a more active participation and a play role for objective
value judgment standard.
It is expected that the APOT service provided by Allbit Platform will be actively utilized in the area of
cryptocurrency transactions that require multi-valued judgment in the future. We are of the view that the service
can protect the traders from poor and risky cryptocurrencies in various economic areas such as the
cryptocurrency exchange market, investment companies, payment services, etc. Furthermore, Allbit Platform
will not only perform an assessment service with the cooperation of APOT but also will introduce and support
worthy cryptocurrencies creating and expanding the new economic area.

10

1. INTRODUCTION
With regard to the rising of cryptocurrency, main keywords for that are “decentralization" and “unreliability”.
They are concepts opposed to "centralization” and “reliability” as the traditional system was centralized and run
by trust. In the “unreliable-decentralized” system, the authorities controlled by the central are distributed to the
system members in the form of autonomous right, with the responsibilities formerly on the central are now the
burden of the individual members. Distributed, decentralized rights and authorities provide freedom to many
participants and we are learning what it’s like the responsibility concept based on the unreliable system operates.
Just like any other transition period, we are short of the functions to understand and digest the freedom and
innovation obtained from the current situation. As much as the changes are groundbreaking, numerous risks
exist and more trade participants fall into the hazardous gaps. The decentralized system is spreading at enormous
speed so we need a system to predict and prevent possible side effects and risks. Sadly, the current
cryptocurrency systems don’t have such realistic countermeasures. It demands minimum safeguard for the
traders in the decentralized cryptocurrency market as soon as possible.
APOT tries to draw agreement on cryptocurrency value assessment from collective intelligence so individual
participants, who have many difficulties in protecting themselves, can use the Allbit Platform as fundamental
protection. To us, APOT reduces the implicit risks in the present cryptocurrency market and protect the
participants. Every member has the right to offer their opinion on cryptocurrency freely and by gathering those
opinions establish a form of collective intelligence, which will be shared to prevent any issue within the
cryptocurrency market. However, as it is not easy to ask individuals to make a contribution voluntarily to group
benefit, it is also unlikely for an individual’s free opinion and evaluation to receive objective reliability from others.
That is why we need a system to reward the contribution that will encourage active participation in building
collective intelligence and aggressive contribution to produce reliable value judgment relentlessly.

1.1. Appearance of token economy and resulting changes
The first half of 2017 showed drastic growth and appreciation of the cryptocurrency market across the world.
Before cryptocurrency was a subject of discussion between some specialists but now, it becomes the topic of the
public and has been considered by many as an investment target for profit. The author of a long-anticipated book
“Epiphany Z: 8 Radical Visions for Transforming Your Future” said at his speaking to the Federal Reserve in
September, that cryptocurrency is very much here to stay and that national currencies were going to be displaced
by 2030.1 However, it needs to be noted that an enormous, overwhelming change exists behind it. The inventor
of Bitcoin, Satoshi Nakamoto left the following message in the genesis block of Bitcoin.

“The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks.”
This is the Times’ headline of bank relief article on January 3rd, 2009. Satoshi suggested that the central
government imputes the damage occurred from key currency issuance and inappropriate management of
financial derivatives to the citizens who are the main members of the real economy. That was why Satoshi issued
Bitcoin as a countermeasure. What Satoshi tried is the very first experience to establish a new decentralized
economic structure, unlike the traditional one that is run by a government and trusted institutions. A lot of
people found the possibility of a new economic system, starting from a tiny project of a person’s experience, and
becoming the trigger of decentralized, distributed system in a variety of economic areas. We here define this

1

Schrodt, Paul. "Cryptocurrency: How It Will Look in the Future | Money." Time. Time, 01 Mar. 2018.

Web.
11

new economic structure of decentralization as “token economy”.
The essential elements for the transition from centralization to decentralization are rationality, transparency, and
fairness. Many nodes maintain the fairness of the PoW (Proof-of-Work), a protocol that is designed to prevent
and deter cyber-attacks on the network and allows a consensus of trustless transactions or PoS (Proof-of-Stake)
also a validating transaction system that is executed by miners who put a number of coins on a block and check
its transaction blocks. These systems were made for individuals benefit based on unreliability. The blocks
established by transactions are disclosed to the public via the network and unable to be modified. In addition,
various economic sectors are creating tokens as their own base currency localized by region for the transition to
a decentralized economy. Individual tokens are guaranteed their independence within the decentralized
economy. Token, each of which is guaranteed its own independence, is a medium that provides rationality and
transparency within a decentralized economic system, which is an important role that enables transitions to a
new economic system.

1.2. Token economy problems

- Fraud and scams in the blockchain space (token economy)
Thanks to the appearance of Ethereum and smart contract, people easily issue tokens and promote
ICO/Crowdfunding in order to receive a large amount of investments they could not imagine in the Venture era.
Initial investment became the cornerstone of crypto industry development and related technologies rapidly
developed as well. On one hand there are the positive impacts like above but on the other hand, fake fundraising,
scam, and fraud are also increasing. They make fancy Whitepapers and specialist team with famous people to
lure investors and raise funds. After that, the personnel setup is changed or the project is poorly managed. Either
case can be considered as fraud. Many investors try to expose these activities as fraud through careful
investigation and analysis but it isn’t easy to define and avoid these unreliable projects. Decentralized economic
structure doesn’t have artifices of assessment, monitoring, evaluation and regulation which are all contained in
the existing system. Lack of these functions in the system leads to many victims.

- Limitation and vulnerability of the centralized system
The decentralized system is not a concept that simply opposes but offer to overcome the weakness and
irrationalities of a centralized system. Ironically, the cryptocurrency market was operated by the centralized
service systems during the initial stage. After the hack events of Mount. Gox 2 and Tether 3, the government
tightened the regulations on centralized management services and it exposed the fact that centralization is not
appropriate to decentralize nor distribute currency systems. Given the features of centralized management
service, assets of customers are exposed to malicious hackings, internal decision making and management that
do not have transparency and monitoring system is not sufficient. It does not make sense that decentralized
cryptocurrency market system for transparent transactions and decision making are run by centralized service
from the first place. The demand for proper countermeasures is growing further. As a result, decentralized system
such as distributed exchange and community based on the distributed database are emerging in the market.

2

Greenberg, Andy. "Hackers Hit Mt. Gox Exchange's CEO, Claim To Publish Evidence Of Fraud." Forbes.

Forbes Magazine, 15 July 2014. Web.
3

Higgins, Stan. "Tether Claims $30 Million in US Dollar Token Stolen." CoinDesk. CoinDesk, 22 Nov.

2017. Web.
12

- No marketplace in token market
There is no marketplace for various new tokens in the token economy. Most tokens are sold individually at its
issuer’s web pages. That means, compared to the expensive marketing cost and physical efforts made by sellers,
the benefits are limited and small. Purchasers also have difficulties to obtain sufficient opinions to evaluate its
value and information. As a result, customers cannot assess how rational the token purchase is by themselves.
No marketplace for new tokens leads to suspicion about the value of tokens and expose purchasers to the risk
of scams.

- Over and underestimate in token price
The value of cryptocurrency is settled by initial sale through the issuer’s pricing policy and, demand and supply
of the market. The value of a currency reflects the practical value of use and demand of the market. In addition,
cryptocurrency is more sensitive to future value than the existing currency. Unfortunately, most cryptocurrencies
in the present market are not verified for their values. However, the market currencies are not properly valued
because of the exaggerated and uncertain information that arises as a result of a large-scale capital intervention.Estimate the true value of services and support token economy
The vitalization of token economy attracts capitals from every direction. A positive trend in the market is implied
not only the public attention but also the influx of real capital. However, chaos is growing because of scam cases,
prohibition policy against cryptocurrency advertisement in major portal sites, search engines and communities
as well as the regulation enhancement at a governmental level. And regulations in the centralized Platform may
prevent the risks of decentralized economic structure and protect the participants in the system. It is also true
that the centralized regulatory policy disturbs the natural transition to the decentralized economic system in the
long term. If it only strengthens the unilateral regulations derived from the existing centralized management
customs instead of finding solution and countermeasures intrinsically agree with the decentralized system,
valuable cryptocurrencies to grow will disappear soon without being appreciated by its merits.

13

2. APOT
2.1. Principle and design
In order to provide the information on tokens and perform value assessment, reasonable standard with logic and
ground are required. The centralized structure needs plenty of resources for the judging process and standard.
Results can be different from the practical members' opinion of the market. This gap is due to the difficulty of
securing reliability in the assessment procedure. Therefore, APOT establishes a social network that allows the
collective intelligence of the market participants to produce evaluations. Opinions on token can be reviewed
from various angles. Depending on the perspectives of related parties such as development, investment, and
participants, tokens have technological value, market value, use of value, etc. We intend to build an evaluation
system based on various value judgments produced by collective intelligence. We believe this system will reflect
the collective value of token quite well. Allbit will share the participants’ opinions on the token, show the
strengths and weaknesses and hopefully prove the topic. The network’s collective intelligence based on voluntary
participation will produce breaking news and information relentlessly. The participants obtain reputation
through activities and the reputation will be certified index in the network reviewing the values of tokens. The
evaluation of tokens is used in the token economy via many applications. In the end, it will develop and polish
the cryptocurrency market ecosystem.

- Token in Allbit
Allbit Platform will discuss on and review every cryptocurrency. It covers every token based on a decentralized
economy philosophy, especially the tokens toward decentralized economy instead of the existing centralized
structure, as well as the ones based on the blockchain technology.

- Value of token
There are so many ways to assess the value of tokens. The evaluation process considers many elements such as
a scale of the actual market, circulation structure of token, the superiority of blockchain technology, partner
service linked to the token system, etc. Through the voluntary sharing of opinions from various fields, objective
evaluation can be conducted. As a participant, you may utilize your specialized knowledge and expertise, focus
on its technological value, or judge its value of use in the actual economic system. By sharing the diverse opinions
of the participants, the target tokens are collectively reviewed and evaluated. More specialized or insightful
opinion will obtain a great reputation in the network in the process and it will provide them an opportunity to
lead the entire network.

- APOT Token and APOT CREDIT
APOT CREDIT is provided to participants when they make a contribution to assess and prove the value of a token
successfully. Anyone who participates in the collective intelligence receives APOT CREDIT according to their
contributions. That means APOT CREDIT can be considered as the reputation in the Platform, the higher APOT
CREDIT, the bigger decision influence. Users have the decision whether to convert or not APOT CREDIT to APOT
Token. Otherwise if not converted after a certain period, accumulated credits will cease to use so participants
cannot possess a certain level of reputation forever. By preventing the reputation hierarchy from accumulating
and fossilizing, the network gains motive and power to operate healthier. Moreover, users can earn tokens
through Airdrop events carried out in the Platform; tokens in this context means all tokens sent by token
developers to the Allbit Platform, that will be distributed later after the finalization of an Airdrop event. The
Airdrop events are performed in a series of quizzes where developers of the token or users can suggest topics.
14

The user needs to participate by answering with the correct answer in order to gain the tokens. Only users with
the correct answer will receive tokens that will be proportionately distributed according to the number of
participants in the certain (Airdrop) quiz. No Airdrop will be proportionate to the user’s number of the token and
all Airdrop events carried out in the Platform will primarily be inspected before the actual event. Furthermore,
the APOT Token will help to provide a stable service cycle to our ecosystem in order to maintain our governance
structure and keep the network by connecting users and sharing information through polls and quizzes. It will be
used as a mechanism to protect our structure from abuse when suggesting topics to avoid complications by
creating a payment system, so users will need to pay a certain amount to suggest topics to keep the collective
intelligence ecosystem running. Anybody from big exchanges to developers or funds, etc., who wants to know
the real value of their token, raise awareness, or to see if their business will be worth a try or not can use the
APOT and suggest a topic to receive the answer of their question through our massive collective intelligence.

2.2. Social network for collective intelligence

- Collective intelligence
In order to assess cryptocurrency value and materialize organic-collective intelligence, knowledge is essential.
From simple description to specialized expertise, it covers all the categories related to cryptocurrency. Each
cryptocurrency category will have news such as updates, partnership, etc continuously. In exchange for the
information, it forms the stream letting the participants learn new knowledge and news about cryptocurrency.
Ultimately, it will achieve a higher level of collective intelligence. Beginners will try to learn and obtain more
information while professionals expertise and news will try to provide and share them with others. Both learner
15

and informant will receive rewards appropriate for their efforts and level of contribution by reasonable
calculation.
- Topic and opinion (Opinion chain)
There are many ways to find opinions, collect them and finally build collective intelligence. Wikipedia collects
knowledge in the form of online encyclopedia and keeps correcting and modifying its contents. Reddit allows to
people suggest their opinions on subjects and forms universal knowledge by the reactions and opinions of the
readers. Unlike the various platform of collective intelligence, APOT's sole purpose is not only to collect
information but also to make a total assessment for the tokens through collective intelligence. To achieve our
purpose, we introduce a token value assessment model that collects related topics and opinions. Members’
opinions are not to deliver objective information to other members, but rather to deliver a subjective suggestion
with perspective and insights into how they consider the topic.
Some relevant facts about tokens are impossible to prove on an on the chain, so topics aim to prove the relevant
facts with regard to that token in an off chain. The opinion also includes base data and background knowledge
to prove how rational the writer’s judgment is and where they stand on the topic. The writers express their
opinion on the topic of discussion and readers comment about its strengths and weaknesses. Participants may
add some information to the opinion or open threads to suggest opinions to discuss. Moreover, rewards for the
activities are roughly divided into two. The first one is the reward to the writer of the opinion, which is based on
the participation and the influence that causes and the second reward is given to the writer and the seconders
of that opinion, when considering the overall opinions on a single topic and when the writer’s opinion is
considered as a correct judgment based on the conclusion from the governance.
Since this network structure is a topic-opinion type, it is not an absolute form of communication, but rather a
loose structure to review and assess tokens which is our key goal. Other than this structure of communication,
many networking methods to discuss opinions and share information will be proposed.

16

- Allbit reputation
Our collective intelligence network will be nothing without reputation. Not to mention the positive aspects of
collective intelligence, we must approach to the risk, prevention, and countermeasures of majority violence and
results. Reputation is built by the participants’ opinion usefulness and their network influence. Value of the
opinions collected is evaluated by other’s supports and related activities and will be rewarded with APOT CREDIT.
To sum up, the reputation for Allbit governance is the total amount of APOT CREDIT you’ve obtained. A higher
reputation with more APOT CREDITS, the more reputation will have the impact on the governance’s judgment.
APOT CREDIT is your reputation in the collective intelligence but nothing else. It does not come from capital
strength. Also, APOT CREDITS are obtained through the network activities, are impossible to trade, and expires
through time.

17

2.3. APOT: Allbit Proof of Token

- Proof-of-Token
The goal of Allbit Platform is to assess tokens’ values properly and provide the results to the economic
participants and also share it with our members. It is not an easy task to express a token’s value numerically since
it can be investigated from various angles. However, we use collective intelligence network consisted of diverse
brain powers. Through this process, a token value is quantified. The assessment of tokens is done against the
appropriateness of the current token value. Appropriateness of value is the valuation of the token in the current
market versus the value of the token that the evaluator thinks, that is, the evaluation of the current market of
the token.
For instance, is the market's assessment better or worse than you think? Can it be expressed as a purchase
decision on this value if you need it? For assessment criteria, market value is used because the value of goods or
money is expressed by the evaluation of the market and evaluators respond to the token in two forms; positive
or negative. Positive means that you think the current value of the token is appropriate or underrated. Negative
means it is overestimated now compared its true value. Once answers are entered into the network, it is recorded
via blockchain and weighted value per reviewer will be reflected based on his/her APOT CREDIT at that point in
time. Positive and negative will be showing each poll participants yes or no ratio. Every poll participant’s credit
(APOT CREDIT) changes by time or by social network activities. Unless their thoughts for positive or negative on
the cryptocurrency is changed, APOT CREDITS are collected and calculated into the token’s value assessment.
Governance participants opinions are based on their activity levels that prove the collective intelligence. This
process will help reduce the ratings of the token that committed scams or improper practices.

- Decision-making process and rationality of its results
The procedures of token value assessment in Allbit must be reasonable and fair. Reviewers of the token shall not
be informed anything about the poll until it finishes and the result comes out. Being able to know the progress
in the process of making judgments to maximize profits will hinder fair judgment. This can be understood through
the theory of the 'prisoner's dilemma' in game theory. Poll participants who give opinions for the final result will
receive the rewards for their “right” choice. Moreover, as most anonymous poll participants and reviewers will
want to obtain the biggest reward, it aspires to make the best judgment as possible.

- Delegating token
Practically, most members with general knowledge do not have enough information or judgment to make the
right choice. It is also not easy to participate in every review and polls. Therefore, the common member of the
structure is able to pursue maximum profit by supporting other’s opinion that corresponds to theirs. In short, it
will be a delegation of authority.

- Continuous monitoring
At the initial stage of token issuance, not much information is available so getting a high rating is unlikely.
However, constant development according to the milestone will make the information flow in Allbit network and
produce positive supporters. Following the milestone opened to the public, poll participants can change their
opinions on the topic or can get to know new tokens increasing the participation on polls. As poll participants
and reviewers increase, unfaithful tokens will receive a lower rating while trustworthy developers' tokens climb
the rating ladder smoothly.
18

3. GOVERNANCE AND TOKEN ECOSYSTEM
- Supporter
An individual can judge the token value based on the information provided by Allbit system. It will help to avoid
to choose poor token with risks. With constant surveillance and opinions can provide a basis for support for a
large number of opinions, rather than giving individual opinions to developers.

- Developer
Developers benefit by obtaining supporters attention and sponsorship such as airdrop events or listing
depending on the value assessment made in Allbit. Also, by receiving the constant evaluation on the direction of
development, finding more ideas to develop in a better way.

- Supply
Specialists in contribution assets provide expertise and reasonable value standard on target and create
contribution supplies on a bigger scale.

- Exchanges / Financial institution
Most exchange markets for cryptocurrency have not revealed their criteria or decision-making process to list
coins. Exchanges have great influence on token values and this kind of centralized, secret process inevitably gets
a lot of suspicions. By reflecting the economic participants’ assessments and opinions on the listing procedure,
it will make the market with transparency and trustworthy institute. Other financial companies will also utilize
the information and qualification process given by the participants with the proper knowledge.

- User
By getting a wealth of information about tokens, you can gain access to a variety of businesses and develop into
new service users based on this information. It can also be a true user of the token economy that understands
the token economy of the service and not the simple user.

19

4. APPLICATION WITH ALLBIT PLATFORM
We are expecting the appearance of many applications for the token economy combined with new businesses.
We believe most service providers in the cryptocurrency market will utilize Allbit for their service stability. Every
move and effort will likely contribute to the positive development of the cryptocurrency ecosystem. Service
providers can utilize Allbit’s decision-making process to guarantee the usability of their users and protect them
properly. We will support the development of Allbit and also the creation of decentralized applications based on
Allbit that will support the token economy.

4.1. Decentralized exchange
Methodology to build a decentralized exchange market is varied by the related technologies. For example, when
two cryptocurrencies are exchanged, there are priorities to consider before technical methods. Decentralized
exchanges should not only implement a decentralized driving method from a technical point of view, but also
consider the fact that governance can always occur in policy issues such as price, listing, and liquidity. Considering
the policy issues of decentralized exchanges, Allbit can provide a reasonable basis and actively render
information exchange about tokens with our APOT.

4.2. Token marketplace
Like decentralized exchanges, Allbit is useful in many ways at the token marketplace. Allbit governance feature
will help judge token’s usage, the purpose of issuance, properness of its initial price, and practicality of its
Whitepaper. Moreover, sellers can receive helpful feedback after the release of the token to prevent nowadays
biggest problems in a token sale such as the lack of consistent monitoring and lack of countermeasures against
scams. Therefore, they must provide their milestone in advance to the token marketplace so APOT inside Allbit
can help and provide feedback by evaluating whether it has been performed faithfully in accordance with the
stages mentioned in the milestone and prevent regrettable decisions by communities interested in that specific
token.

4.3. Job creation and recruiting service
It is a firm fact that the industries and companies related to blockchain and cryptocurrency are and will be
increasing. Even the existing business entities combine with blockchain converting themselves into token
economies such as ICBC (Industrial and Commercial Bank of China), the very top of the largest companies and
second year in a row, is exploring ways to authenticate digital certificates using blockchain technology instead of
trusted central authorities. 4 Although many people want to find work in the industry, the very feature of
“decentralization” technology does not allow to have the existing corporations’ common characteristics,
contents and reward system. Naturally, there is not much information to make a judgment and to make matters
worse, the short history of blockchain is not helpful enough to prove the capability of who want to be involved
in. Through Allbit, people can prove and expose themselves to the world. The companies can find resources
required to the business based on the qualified reputation and the job seekers can take the platform as a test
board.

4

Zhao, Wolfie. "ICBC's First Blockchain Patent Is Now Public." CoinDesk. CoinDesk, 30 Apr. 2018. Web.
20

5. APPENDIX
5.1. Token Structure
Total Supply:1,000,000,000
Token Name: APOT
Token Symbol: APOT
Standard: ERC-20
Decimal: 18

5.2. Token Allocation

23.8875%

Pre-sale
Marketing

51.1125%

Reserve
25%

Allocation Details
1) Marketing: 250,000,000
2) Pre-Sale: 238,875,000
3) Reserve: 511,125,000
Total: 1,000,000,000 APOT



Reserve (Partners, Strategy, Founder, Incentive, Marketing, etc.) (51.1125%): Reserve quantity is used
in case there is need to use Tokens for business and there are many situations in the market where Tokens
are distributed or used without prior notice.
21

5.3. Token Distribution
Allbit plans to reduce the risk of initial price volatility by distributing a significant quantity of coins that can
affect the market by pre-sale of investor/partner in chronological order.
1) Pre-Sale – 30% payment based on the Issue Month M
M+ 1 month 20% payment
M+ 2 months 20% payment
M+ 3 months 10% payment
M+ 4 months 10% payment
M+ 5 months 10% payment
(6 months contract model)

5.4. Roadmap
Q3-Q4 2018
● Sidechain based Decentralized Exchange release
● Listing Altcoins
● APOT Token release and listing on the Allbit Exchange
● APOT Token listing on another exchange as KRW pair.
● Allbit Exchange Mobile App Launch

Q1-Q2 2019
● Collecting Proof of Authority (PoA) and promoting global partnership
● APOT Token listing on overseas exchanges
● Allbit Alliance Program (AAP: Token generation and consulting service) Launch

Q3-Q4 2019
● OTC trading desk and service launch
● Allbit and APOT related new services release
● Advancing to the Asian market through alliance and partnership

22

5.5. Partners

Upbit is the global top exchange with world-class blockchain technology, regulatory expertise, and operational
know-how. They provide financial-institution grade of security and user-friendly service from years of
experience operating stock trading system in massive scale. They support the trade of more than 140 cryptoassets and 24/7 real-time security monitoring and firewall system for enhanced security.

Hexa Group is a group leading the transformation towards a value based decentralized economy, what they
call- the new Economy. HEXA Group’s vision is to decentralize capitalism, creating a fair, balanced and
borderless global economic system. Also their focus is to help spread blockchain technology for the public
good through education, developing technology platforms and providing services and resources.

Hexa Labs is a leading global consulting and advisory company whose proficiency lies in solving complex
blockchain challenges. Hexa Labs creates effective solutions that assist its clients with launching industryleading decentralized applications. Hexa Lab’s team of solution architects, blockchain experts, analysts,
strategists and developers work to provide unprecedented solutions for smart digital wallets, blockchain
infrastructure, smart contracts and secured systems. Their holistic service offering facilitates advanced
application builds on multiple blockchains to efficiently deploy distributed ledger technology in a secure
environment.

Orichal Partners aims at bridging the gap between traditional finance vs cryptocurrency investing. It manages
a multi-strategy cryptocurrency fund which deploys capital into token sale projects, Tactical Long-Short,
Arbitrage, and other systematic trading solutions. Additionally, Orichal operates tokenization advisory
business which aids clients in every step from capital raising, marketing to legal advisory and marketing making
solutions.

UniValues Associates is an early-stage crypto fund investing in companies harnessing the blockchain
23

technologies and token economy. The firm focuses its investments in public blockchain technologies,
decentralized protocols and applications, blockchain social media, crypto exchanges, and crypto asset
management firms.

RocketFuel consists of top minds from cutting-edge companies such as Snapchat, Salesforce, Uber, Airbnb,
Accenture, McKinsey and more. Our talent, graduates from MIT, Columbia, and UC Berkeley, have years of
industry leadership in their respective fields. In a landscape where people throw money at problems, they like
to provide strategic and value-add opportunities in business strategy, product, marketing, blockchain
implementation, recruiting, and more in order to help our investments succeed. Our value to the
cryptocurrency space is extensive and we can help your brand with more than just capital.

Block Inside is a major Chinese Ctypto fund, which is specialized in online viral marketing, community viral,
korean website production, establishment and operation of SNS, press advertisement, and listed on exchange.
Since 2015, they have been undertaking accellerating and investing in several blockchain projects, such as EOS
(EOS) and Zilliaqa (ZIL). They recently co-founded CoinBene Korea in cooperation with CoinBene, HQ at
Singapore to expand their influence into Korean market.

Bitgosu is the No.1 South Korean crypto community accelerator - specialized in building local communities
and maximizing community awareness for projects in the Korean crypto scene. Currently Bitgosu is running
the biggest crypto youtube channel hosted by Spunky with over 41,000 subscribers and over 10,000+ views
all of it's daily videos.

24

