4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
Version 2.0.0 | April 1, 2019

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

1/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

Abstract: ARK empowers everyone, regardless of their aim or
technical background, to quickly and easily leverage blockchain
technology. Our whitepaper will identify the well known problems
within the blockchain industry and illustrate how ARK technology
solves them. In this current landscape of hype and empty promises,
ARK acts as a beacon for individuals, enterprises, and communities
who wish to make a real difference and apply blockchain technology
to reach their individual goals as well as improve society. ARK offers
a technology stack, unique in its simplicity, to create and deploy
standalone blockchains for any use case. These newly created
blockchains will have the ability to interoperate through ARK
SmartBridge Technology. ARK is also turning Smart Contracts on
their head with what is called ARK Logic, a collection of tools
including custom transaction types, templates, and plugins. This
brings decentralized computing and workﬂows into a more secure,
adaptable, and scalable environment. Most importantly, the ARK
Ecosystem fosters a growing international community of developers,
node operators, blockchains, businesses, and enthusiasts, breathing
life into this breakthrough technology.
The whitepaper is ﬂuid and ARK is open to community feedback.
For a deeper technical dive into ARK technology, visit docs.ark.io.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

1
2/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

Table of Contents
1.0 Introduction
1.1 State of The Industry
1.2 Eliminating the Barriers to Entry
1.3 ARK as the Perfect Starting Point
2.0 Blockchain Trilemma
2.1 Blockchains Have Problems
2.2 ARK’s Approach to the Blockchain Trilemma
3.0 ARK Core Values
3.1 Simplicity
3.2 Security
3.3 Speed
3.4 Scalability
3.5 Sovereignty
3.6 Support
4.0 ARK Public Network
4.1 The ARK Mainnet
4.2 Consensus Mechanism
4.3 ARK Inﬂation Mechanics
4.4 Balancing Decentralization and Performance
4.5 Preventing Collusion
4.6 Delegate Services
5.0 ARK Network Uses
5.1 Role of the ARK Public Network
5.2 A Peer-to-Peer Cryptocurrency
5.3 Medium of Exchange for ARK Mainnet Services
5.4 Convenience in Interoperability
5.5 Liquidity for Small and Large ARK Bridgechains
5.6 Payment Method for Plugin Marketplace
5.7 Payment Method for Delegate and Talent Marketplace
6.0 Open Source Software
6.1 ARK Technology is Open Source
6.2 OSS is Becoming the World Standard
6.3 OSS Brings Beneﬁts
6.4 Building an Ecosystem
7.0 ARK Core
7.1 About ARK Core
7.2 Dynamic Fees
7.3 Transaction Types
7.4 Multisignature Protocol
7.5 ARK Core CLI
7.6 Core Plugins & Modular Architecture
Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

2
3/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
7.7 ARK Webhooks
7.8 ARK Core Docker
7.9 ARK Snapshot Manager
7.10 ARK Utilities
8.0 ARK Peripherals
8.1 Expanding on Core
8.2 ARK Software Development Kits
8.3 ARK Test Suite
8.4 ARK Explorer
8.5 ARK Desktop Wallet
8.6 ARK Mobile Wallet
8.7 ARK Pay
8.8 ARK Deployer CLI
8.9 ARK Deployer GUI
9.0 ARK Logic
9.1 Bitcoin Scripts
9.2 Ethereum Virtual Machine
9.3 Smart Contracts Example
9.4 Smart Contract Immutability
9.5 Smart Contract Bloat
9.6 Smart Contract Complexity
9.7 ARK Logic as a Solution to Smart Contracts
9.8 ARK Logic is Flexible
9.9 ARK Logic is Scalable
9.10 ARK Logic is Simple
10.0 ARK SmartBridge Technology
10.1 The Need to Interoperate
10.2 Bridgechain Protocol
10.3 ARK-ARK SmartBridge Technology
10.4 ARK-ANY SmartBridge Technology
11.0 ARK Business Strategy
11.1 Business Strategy Introduction
11.2 ARK SCIC Business Entity
11.3 ARK Team
11.4 Moving to a Customer & Value Centric Approach
11.5 Transformation into a Digital Marketplace
11.6 Industries of Interest
11.7 Outreach
12.0 Conclusion
12.1 Blockchains are Here to Stay
12.2 What the Future Holds for ARK
12.3 Get Involved
13.0 Resources
14.0 References

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

3
4/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

1 Introduction
1.1 State of the Industry
We are ten years into the decentralization revolution, since the publication of
Satoshi Nakamoto’s paper and the introduction of the ﬁrst decentralized solution
to solve the problem of double spending in digital networks [1]. Currently, we are
moving through the phase of disillusionment where interest wanes as experiments
and implementations fail to deliver. Producers of the technology either succeed or
give up. Blockchain projects are now moving from experimentation around
decentralized technologies to complete solutions including consensus
mechanisms, identity, data structures, crypto-economic designs and Smart
Contracts. In order to deliver truly world-changing results with blockchain
technology, it must be easy to access for the majority of developers, users,
governments, and businesses alike [2].
1.2 Eliminating the Barriers to Entry
ARK is looking to eliminate the barriers to entry in the blockchain space that are
caused by the immense complexity of the technology. We are making that a reality
by steering our efforts toward meeting the needs of enterprises, start-ups, and
developers as our prime customer base. ARK aims to become a global backbone
of decentralized application-centric blockchains, which we call bridgechains, which
will allow them to either work with each other or stay isolated in their own
environment. Chains that need to exchange data or expand their business models
and use cases will ﬁnd it very beneﬁcial to utilize our global highway as a
decentralized communication layer, thus unlocking the full power of Web 3.0.
1.3 ARK as the Perfect Starting Point
The ARK Ecosystem is an ideal environment for future blockchain developers. ARK
will allow them to customize a sovereign blockchain for their needs, complete with
the required feature sets at their ﬁngertips. ARK’s value proposition lies within the
Core platform and the utility of various services, such as connecting to different
blockchains, introducing custom business logic, developing new tailored
transaction types, accessing a global support system through the community, and
much more. ARK has six core values that act as the compass by which ARK
navigates the rough seas of blockchain, but ﬁrst, it’s important to explore the
current issues and challenges with blockchain technology.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

4
5/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

2 Blockchain Trilemma
2.1 Blockchains Have Problems
Looking at the ﬁrst wave of blockchain platforms, a well-known set of issues and
challenges have arisen [3]. These issues include:
Scalability, handling large volumes of transactions at high speed
Interoperability, independent chains exchanging value and instructions
Sustainability, creating self-suﬃcient and self-governing environments
All of the above challenges are tightly coupled with the Blockchain Trilemma,
identiﬁed by the balancing act blockchains face between Scalability, Security, and
Decentralization. We took this trilemma very seriously when we set out to develop
the ARK technology stack. All three properties are linked, meaning if we want to
increase one property, it will most likely force tradeoffs with others. For example,
the Bitcoin network optimizes for security and decentralization at the expense of
scalability. Bitcoin scalability issues became apparent with the high transaction
fees the network saw in late 2017 [55]. One approach Bitcoin is taking to resolve
the issue is the advent of layer two solutions like the Lightning Network [4].
2.2 ARK’s Approach to the Blockchain Trilemma
We believe ARK to be a true balance of scalability, security, and decentralization.
ARK is addressing scalability through a multi-chain approach and ARK
SmartBridge Technology. Deﬁned business processes with high complexity can be
run and supported on a bridgechain, and only its results would be transferred back
to the main chain. Security takes shape through a modiﬁed version of Delegated
Proof-of-Stake, where token holders determine which nodes are deemed worthy to
secure each network, and nodes with the power to create or forge new blocks are
in constant ﬂux. Decentralization is left up to the needs of the system architects,
as ARK’s ﬂexible technology can expand to include thousands of nodes, or
contract to a few high-powered nodes capable of breakneck performance.
Developers using ARK technology have the power to optimize each network as
needed. ARK’s six core values come together to allow ARK to tackle the Blockchain
Trilemma.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

5
6/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

3 ARK Core Values
3.1 Simplicity
ARK believes ﬁrst and foremost that in order to facilitate widespread use of
blockchain technology, it must be made simple both for users and developers.
ARK takes this statement even further by integrating it into the fabric of its tools,
projects, and products. ARK is casting a very wide net to capture as many people
as possible, and they will be able to deploy blockchain technology to solve their
problems and realize their visions. Just as Android OS brings mobile development
to the masses in an open source environment, so does ARK, with its software
development kits, lean and stable Core, versatile plugins, and intuitive user
interfaces. Simplicity is the cornerstone of ARK’s core values.
3.2 Security
Today’s world infrastructure brings with it risks and vulnerabilities. Blockchains
mitigate these risks by achieving security through decentralization. Blockchain
technology offers a unique blend of cryptography, peer-to-peer networks, and
reward incentives. This results in users retaining their power while simultaneously
removing weak points like data silos, honeypots, middle men, and various attack
vectors. ARK has brought an advantage over Proof-of-Work networks like Bitcoin,
allowing a network to remain secure even when small. This is achieved through
ARK’s unique recipe of the Delegated Proof-of-Stake consensus algorithm.
3.3 Speed
In order to achieve optimal decentralization, peer-to-peer networks like blockchains
must trade off performance that is often enjoyed by centralized architectures.
When millions of users trust one data source, that source can scale as needed to
handle the load. When that trust is not an option, however, performance must
scale down to accommodate additional independent data sources. ARK offers
high-performance blockchain technology, proven through fast eight second block
times on the ARK Public Network. This speed can be adjusted as needed for each
bridgechain according to design requirements.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

6
7/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
3.4 Scalability
The consensus mechanism ARK uses comes with built-in scaling advantages.
Delegated Proof-of-Stake means that nodes conserve resources and scale up as
needed to handle throughput demand. The network does not rely on every single
endpoint to meet performance requirements, as end users are not running full
nodes. Instead, they run lite clients and use their stake in the network to assign
responsibility to nodes they deem worthy to secure and run the network. This
keeps power in users’ hands while simultaneously creating a highly scalable
environment. ARK technology can also be customized to achieve higher
performance through custom parameters, conﬁgurations, and network layouts. By
enabling people to create their own unique blockchains, they receive a tailored
solution while simultaneously contributing to an ecosystem of linked chains. This
removes bottlenecks caused by the ‘one chain, many solutions’ approach.
3.5 Sovereignty
ARK believes that an organization, community, or other entity should be able to
create a network of utility and governance without relying on external rules or
limitations. This goes against the current trend, where one main blockchain
network offers leased solutions that require interaction with that main network.
This leased approach is not dissimilar to countries colonizing regions and then
asserting dominion over them from afar, but it has never been known to work over
the long term. Eventually, colonies seek sovereignty to forge their own future, and
this rings true in distributed networks as well. The scaling limitations and imposed
governance of ‘one size ﬁts all’ blockchains will turn sour for disparate
communities and organizations aiming to achieve and retain independence. Newly
created blockchains can freely engage with each other and the ARK Public
Network.
3.6 Support
Deploying blockchain technology that is easy to use and deploy still brings with it
the need for easy access to support and help. With the ARK Public Network,
community developers and organizations have a place to hone their skills and
offer them to other entities who may need help deploying ARK technology in their
selected destination. Community developers work hand-in-hand with the ARK
team to evolve ARK’s codebase. ARK Public Network delegates have become
experts in ARK network maintenance and security. ARK community members and
delegates launch services that enhance the toolset ARK offers. Incubators and
consultancy ﬁrms can offer solutions and guidance to new projects. Choosing
ARK as a blockchain solution means access to a large talent pool of support.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

7
8/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

4 ARK Public Network
4.1 The ARK Mainnet
The ARK Public Network, also known as the “ARK mainnet” ﬁrst came online on
March 21st, 2017 [5]. At that time, 125 million ARK was created in a genesis block.
The genesis delegates created to initialize the network were quickly replaced by
live delegates who acquired community support in the form of votes and began
securing the network. Shortly thereafter, block rewards were initialized in the
protocol, rewarding forging delegates each time new transactions enter the ledger.
The ARK mainnet operates independently of the ARK business entity, which simply
releases code that the ARK mainnet delegates choose to either accept or reject.
On the 28th of November 2018, the ARK mainnet upgraded from the now
deprecated V1 codebase to the newly developed V2 codebase introducing a
multitude of improvements to the network, developers, and end users [6] . ARK is
among a very small group of teams in the blockchain space that has developed an
entire blockchain based on experience of the founding members to address
real-life business needs and expectations, rather than simply forking and
modifying someone else’s code.
4.2 Consensus Mechanism
A recent Fall 2018 technical paper entitled “The Latest Gossip on Byzantine Fault
Tolerant Consensus” had this to say:
“Consensus is one of the fundamental problems and driving forces
of distributed computing. It is important because of its role in State
Machine Replication (SMR), a generic approach for replicating data
that can be modeled as a deterministic state machine. The key idea
of this approach is that node replicas start in the same initial state,
and then execute requests (also called transactions) in the same
order; thereby guaranteeing that node replicas stay in sync with each
other. The role of consensus in the SMR approach is ensuring that all
replicas receive and execute transactions in the same order. [7]”
The ARK mainnet’s consensus algorithm is known as Delegated Proof of Stake, or
DPoS. This enables ARK to have a high-performance blockchain with block times
of eight seconds, while simultaneously maintaining global decentralization and
keeping the power in the users' hands. Holders of ARK use their wallets to vote for

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

8
9/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
delegates who secure the network, insert blocks into the ledger, and create new
ARK. The ARK mainnet’s implementation of DPoS is special compared to other
DPoS projects, because its 51 forging delegates and 1 ARK = 1 Vote conﬁguration
solves two serious issues- namely, too much centralization due to insuﬃcient node
count, and delegate groups that can assert dominance over the network due to
multivoting.
4.3 ARK Inﬂation Mechanics
Every eight seconds, two new ARK are created and awarded to the delegate that
forged that block. Each block is forged by a delegate in turn, according to a
randomly chosen slot within a round. With 51 forging delegates, each round lasts
408 seconds. Each round is also randomized to help combat attacks on delegates.
If a delegate is prepared when it is their turn, a new block is forged and two ARK
awarded. If a delegate is not ready to forge on their turn, it results in a missed
block and two new ARK cannot be created. This incentivizes uptime. Barring
missed blocks, the network has the capability to generate 7,884,000 ARK per year.
The steady generation of a ﬁxed amount of ARK means that the annual inﬂation
rate steadily declines towards zero with each passing year. This is predictable and
programmatically controlled, unlike ﬁat inﬂation [56].
4.4 Balancing Decentralization and Performance
The fewer nodes there are, the more risk of centralization exists. However, too
many nodes can impact network performance. Bitcoin’s slow block times, for
example, allow for a very large number of nodes to reach consensus without much
struggle. The ARK mainnet strikes a balance between decentralization and
performance using 51 forging nodes. These forgers work in concert with what are
known as relay nodes, which also maintain copies of the ledger and act as the
contact points for lite clients.
Aside from node distribution, responsibility for decentralization is also assigned to
ARK holders in the form of voting power. Each ARK wallet can execute a special
transaction that assigns the weight of the ARK in that wallet to a delegate. This
process does not transfer ownership of the ARK in the wallet to the delegate- it
simply acts as a quantiﬁable show of support from the ARK holder that the
delegate deserves to be in a top 51 position. As all of the ARK voting weight in the
network is tallied up, it ranks the delegates to determine which should be allowed
to forge new ARK and secure the network.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

9
10/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
If a delegate begins acting erratically or dishonestly, voting weight can be assigned
away from that delegate by the voters, allowing a different delegate to become one
of the top 51 and ﬁll the position. This creates a dynamic environment where the
nodes who have the power to secure the network are in constant ﬂux as
community opinion shifts and as new delegates enter the space.
4.5 Preventing Collusion
Some DPoS architectures allow for multivoting [57]. This means that a wallet with
1000 coins can assign ‘1000 vote weight’ to multiple delegates at once. This
produced an interesting result where the entire list of delegates a wallet is voting
for is public, and delegates could collude as a group and use social engineering to
disincentivize holders from voting for anyone other than a speciﬁc group. This
would essentially guarantee the delegate group’s power and permanence in the
network. With ARK, one holder who wishes to vote for multiple delegates would
have to split that 1000 ARK into multiple addresses, each voting for a different
delegate. This would in turn reduce the voting weight per delegate, and obscure
the ownership of the wallets, preventing collusion on the protocol level.
4.6 Delegate Services
A delegate’s role ﬁrst and foremost is to secure the network, but to differentiate
themselves, ARK mainnet delegates often pledge to run various services beyond
securing the network, in a play to garner support and votes. These services may
include development and testing, public resources and tools that utilize the ARK
mainnet, faucets, bounty programs, outreach, art, games, media creation, events,
research, and other unique services. This creates a dynamic landscape of options
for voters, and voting plays a role in the future direction of the network. It also
brings sustainability to the network, where multiple independent organizations
form in the network that collaborate towards the common goal of network growth.
The socioeconomic impact of this concept translates to any community that uses
ARK technology for their blockchain.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

10
11/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

5 ARK Network Uses
5.1 Role of the ARK Public Network
The ARK mainnet is not intended to operate similarly to other networks in the
blockchain space, where multiple layers coexist. In some other public networks, a
base communication layer with an incentivization protocol acts as a foundation for
a decentralized application layer of some kind- be it storage, CPU-as-a-Service,
tokenization, smart contracts, or some similar layer. While ARK technology is
highly extensible through plugins, modules, and transaction types, the purpose of
the ARK mainnet is to remain unbloated, lean, and fast. Using ARK products such
as the ARK Deployer, other ARK based blockchains will appear in the ARK
Ecosystem to handle specialized tasks as necessary. These newly created chains
will then connect back to the ARK mainnet using ARK SmartBridge Technology.
The ARK mainnet is intended to take on limited specialized functions only as
needed, to facilitate the ARK mainnet as the hub of the ARK Ecosystem. The
purpose of the ARK mainnet includes, but is not limited to, the below examples.
5.2 A Peer-to-Peer Cryptocurrency
At its core, the ARK Public Network hosts a global cryptocurrency called ARK that
can be used for storing and transferring value, similar to Bitcoin. Bob can send
Alice ARK much faster and cheaper than Bitcoin. Moreover, ARK can act as a
unifying medium of exchange as needed within the ARK Ecosystem, due to its
reach and liquidity. With the advent of the ARK Pay module as well as
ever-evolving, intuitive lite clients, ARK is well positioned to be an effective network
for both store-of-value and value transfer.
5.3 Medium of Exchange for ARK Mainnet Services
Delegates that reach forging status on the ARK mainnet may deploy services that
either award or accept ARK. For example, a delegate running bounty campaigns
can easily pay bounty recipients in ARK in exchange for providing value to the ARK
Ecosystem through development, design, or outreach. Delegates that deploy or
integrate their own platforms that use the ARK mainnet could accept ARK for their
services.
For example, a large e-tailer could deploy a node and gather votes to enter forging
status. They would then accept ARK on their e-tailer website for their wares, and
offer big discounts to ARK holders and perks to their voters. When goods or

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

11
12/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
services are exchanged, the difference from discount could be offset using their
delegate wallet, which generates new ARK. This would theoretically result in a type
of ‘discount faucet,’ increasing their sales by simply running a forging node and
accepting ARK, all without actually reducing margins. In this example, the ARK
community beneﬁts overall from the increased adoption and enjoys lower prices.
5.4 Convenience in Interoperability
It is reasonable to expect that ARK based blockchains will have use cases that
beneﬁt ARK mainnet users. These use cases can then appear in the ARK wallets in
the form of a plugin. When ARK users wish to interact with that other use case,
they can do so without leaving the ARK wallet. As the number of available use
cases within the ARK wallet grows, so too does the convenience and utility of ARK.
While newly created blockchains can also choose to list on ﬁat or crypto
exchanges to give users access to tokens, ARK’s approach reduces both the steps
required and the risk for the end user, all while simultaneously preserving the
bridgechains’ sovereignty.
This mechanism can extend beyond bridgechain coins into bridgechain
non-fungible tokens, for example, where NFTs become available for acquisition via
SmartBridge. Imagine a video game launching a blockchain with a ﬁxed number of
speciﬁc types of weapons, items, and powerups on genesis. The assets could then
be freely exchanged both within the bridgechain microcosm in question or via
SmartBridge using ARK. Take notice that this arrangement of parallel chains
reduces bloat on the ARK mainnet signiﬁcantly if not entirely.
5.5 Liquidity for Small and Large ARK Bridgechains
When a brand new blockchain surrounding a community is formed, it usually
creates an uphill battle to offer basic services for liquidity. They would need to get
listed on reputable exchanges, which can take a long time and even incur listing
fees and other red tape. The new community would also be subject to the
inconvenience and risk of dealing with small ﬂy-by-night exchanges, which are also
subject to hacks and theft. Moreover, a successful exchange macrocosm only
gives more power to these exchanges. In the long run, decentralized exchange is
the best method, but it suffers from liquidity issues. ARK SmartBridge Technology
can step in as a reliable ﬁrst stage for decentralized exchange of assets and price
discovery. The intertwining of ARK bridgechains with the overall ARK Ecosystem
and ARK mainnet creates momentum that beneﬁts everyone.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

12
13/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
5.6 Payment Method for Plugin Marketplace
The modular structure of ARK technology creates the potential for a marketplace
of plugins to grow, both in the form of Core plugins and lite client plugins. While
most ARK technology is open-source and comes with boilerplate MIT-style
licenses, this may not be true for all plugins. Both the ARK business entity and third
parties have the ability to develop premium plugins which will be capable of
generating streams of income in the form of licensing. License management and
fees can be handled on-chain using the ARK mainnet and bridgechain registration,
as well as other specialized transaction types. Similar to Android spawning a
marketplace for third parties to generate revenue streams, so too can third parties
generate similar streams using premium plugins and licensing. The medium of
exchange for such a marketplace will be ARK. Plugin developers will be
incentivized to accept ARK, as it will further the adoption of the very technology
they utilize.
5.7 Payment Method for Delegate and Talent Marketplace
Similar to the plugin marketplace, there will be a growing need for talent and
human services as the ARK Ecosystem evolves. For example, public networks
launching new ARK based blockchains as well as commercial interests launching
tokenless blockchains using the intuitive ARK Deployer may need assistance in
handing off genesis delegates, customizing their chain beyond what the ARK
Deployer can offer, or both. This becomes especially interesting with private
enterprise chains. They may wish to distribute node ownership across both their
internal organization and external operators in the interest of accountability. In this
instance, delegates and delegate teams well versed in ARK technology can accept
ARK coins from these enterprises, in exchange for running tokenless nodes and
offering consulting services. It is even within reason that private enterprises may
wish to outsource all node operations to delegates in the public marketplace, and
simply distribute ARK to the delegates for the services of running tokenless
enterprise chains.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

13
14/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

6 Open Source Software
6.1 ARK Technology is Open Source
Open source software (OSS) is a type of computer software whose source code is
released under a license in which the copyright holder grants users the right to
study, change, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. Anyone
is allowed to create modiﬁcations of it, port it to new operating systems and
instruction set architectures, share it with others, or in some cases, even market it.
Free and open source software development models have made it possible to
enable teamwork between previously unacquainted people who can help each
other and follow a common goal [2].
6.2 OSS is Becoming the World Standard
According to a study by InfoSys, more than 78 percent of enterprises run on open
source while fewer than three percent indicate they don't rely on open source
software in any way. IT companies are in the phase of a big shift and
transformation in the OSS arena with a healthy and positive mindset that open
source software gains in strategic value. Big companies like Walmart, GE, Merck,
Goldman Sachs, Google, and Facebook are also analyzing and moving towards
open source. OSS can be seen as a ﬁrst approach for enterprise architecture [2].
6.3 OSS Brings Beneﬁts
ARK realized this from the start, and the result is one of the strongest open source
communities in the crypto space. The beneﬁts of the OSS model are clearly visible,
with reduced costs, improved quality, and quicker time to market. If any developer
or business wishes to develop solutions using ARK technology, there is always
someone available and willing to help out. Due to the inherent nature of OSS, the
code is more secure, as it is constantly exposed and under public scrutiny [2].
6.4 Building an Ecosystem
ARK prides itself in identifying as an ecosystem. An ecosystem can be deﬁned as a
community of living organisms and nonliving components. The living organism is
ARK’s strong, capable, and resilient community, growing every day worldwide.
Non-living components are presented in the form of ARK projects, tools, products,
and peripherals. ARK’s work process is built around distributed best practices,
which are promoted and used by GitHub and other big open source endeavors.
ARK open source code is free for use under the MIT OSS license [2].

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

14
15/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

7 ARK Core
7.1 About ARK Core
In order to prepare for the next generation of deployable DPoS blockchains, it
became apparent that it was imperative to rethink the legacy code we inherited,
and to move to a completely new codebase written from scratch. By monitoring
the ARK V1 Public Network, and with the experience gained during development,
several key elements were identiﬁed in the base design that could be optimized.
Now, ARK has released the new codebase operational on the ARK Public Network
as of late 2018 [2].
The new architecture has been completely rethought to decouple delegate forging
activity, transaction pool management, and API interface on separate threads.
Transactions will need to pass complete SPV (Simple Payment Veriﬁcation) on a
separate process or server before hitting the mempool, completely sandboxing the
activity of the node against attacks [2].
ARK Core is a lightweight but very powerful codebase that functions as the base
component of the entire ARK Ecosystem. Authored in TypeScript, the ARK Core
was developed from the ground up with an extensive modular architecture to
empower developers to modify, conﬁgure or extend all aspects of the codebase
with ease. Now that all inherited legacy code is purged, the ARK business entity
sees little future need for another bottom-up redesign. ARK’s modular architecture
will handle all further evolution of the ARK Core.
7.2 Dynamic Fees
The ARK Core uses a custom implementation of dynamic fees within a DPoS
network model at the protocol level. This is not common in DPoS networks by any
stretch, and is heralded as a large step forward for DPoS. The creation of a fee
marketplace between users and delegates empowers the network to be frugal,
resilient, and responsive. Dynamic fees beneﬁt both the end users and the
delegates that secure the network. The end user will beneﬁt from the network
accepting lower fees as delegates compete with each other. Transactions with a
higher fee will be more likely to post faster. Dynamic fees will also assist the
delegates by providing defense from potential attack vectors such as spam
attacks. Delegates can also customize fees per transaction type [8].

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

15
16/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
7.3 Transaction Types
The ARK Core accommodates various transaction types, and has the ability to
service new custom transaction types via ARK Logic. Below are some of the
transaction types that are currently utilized within Core or planned for the future.
Transfer. The transfer transaction enables a user to broadcast a
transaction to the network sending ARK tokens from one ARK
wallet to another. This transaction type provides the utility of
store-of-value and value transfer. Within this transaction type is also
a special data ﬁeld of 255 bytes called the vendor ﬁeld, allowing raw
data, code or plain text to be stored on the blockchain. The vendor
ﬁeld is also utilized in ARK SmartBridge Technology. The vendor
ﬁeld is public and immutable [59].
Second Signature Registration. This transaction type enables a user
to add an extra layer of security to their address with the creation of
a second passphrase, using mnemonic code for generating
deterministic keys via BIP-39, creating an additional 12 words [41].
Once a second signature has been registered to a wallet, the owner
of the wallet will then be required to input their primary and
secondary passphrase when sending a transaction to the network
[59].
Delegate Registration. A user or organization can register their
address to become a delegate and secure the network. Upon
accumulating suﬃcient vote weight, the delegate will begin forging
transactions and receiving block rewards. The delegate assigns a
custom name to their address to differentiate it from other
delegates [59].
Vote & Unvote. A key feature of the ARK DPoS model is that each
address can vote for one delegate of their choosing to secure the
network. As a result, a vote and unvote transaction type is
necessary to enable this functionality. Once an address votes for a
delegate, funds can enter and leave the address as needed and
vote weight adjusts automatically. Voting does not send funds to
the delegate’s ARK address in question- it only assigns vote weight
[59].

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

16
17/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
Timelock. A transaction of this type acts as a simple logic function
that restricts the spending of an amount of ARK at a speciﬁed
address until a predeﬁned future time or block height is met. This is
useful for hash-based contracts and payment channels [59].
Multipayments. This type is designed to reduce the payload on the
blockchain by enabling multiple payments to be combined together
and broadcast to the network in a single transaction. This will
beneﬁt the end user and delegates by lowering transaction fees per
payment and reducing congestion. Initially, the ARK Core will allow
sixteen payments to be combined together within a single
transaction. However, the number of payments per transaction can
be scaled as needed [59].
Delegate Resignation. This transaction type will enable delegates to
block potential voters from voting for them if they choose to
withdraw their efforts in being a delegate. A non-reversible
transaction can be sent to the network to indicate the delegate
should no longer be included in any future forging rounds [59].
IPFS. This transaction type utilizes a special data ﬁeld similar to the
vendor ﬁeld to store Interplanetary File System data on the
blockchain. This provides an easy way to timestamp and optionally
encrypt and verify ﬁles. This implementation of the IPFS
transaction type won’t allow storing data on the blockchain- for
that, special IPFS nodes are needed [59].
Business Registration. This transaction type enables users and
businesses to register on the ARK mainchain. More information on
this is deﬁned in section 11.5.
Bridgechain Registration. This transaction type requires the
business registration ﬁrst and gives users and businesses access
to the ARK Deployer suite for bridgechain launching. More
information on this is deﬁned in section 11.5.
More transaction types can be implemented into Core based on community need,
and the ARK Public Network can pick and choose which transaction types to

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

17
18/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
support, to keep the network lean and direct traﬃc to bridgechains as needed.
Consult roadmap.ark.io for status updates on various transaction types.
7.4 Multisignature Protocol
The ARK Core will implement a multisignature protocol, or multisig, redesigned
from the legacy version. ARK’s multisignature implementation will require multiple
keys to authorize an ARK transaction to be broadcast to the network. This
implementation will enable users, developers and businesses to divide
responsibility of possession of ARK tokens. A practical implementation of multisig
can be found in large Bitcoin exchanges, where a trusted group of individuals
controls keys to one single wallet/address. For example, an exchange controls a
cold wallet containing ARK. This exchange could implement a ‘3-of-6’ multisig
which would give six separate passphrases for one address. This address will only
be allowed to send transactions if three out of six keys sign, as a way to distribute
responsibility of holdings while increasing security and minimizing risk.The
pending ARK multisignature implementation is quite similar to the way Bitcoin
multisigs work, using Schnorr multisignatures [43].
7.5 ARK Core CLI
As of v2.2.0, Core has become a Node Version Manager (NPM) module that can
be installed and interacted with globally. A built-in Command Line Interface (CLI) is
now available as well. NPM is the world’s largest software registry, and installation
of Core is now effortless for anyone regardless of technical background. The CLI is
an essential tool that enables any node operator to update, manage, or monitor
their node installation without the need for any external programs. ARK Snapshot
manager is also integrated into the CLI. All ARK-based bridgechains will also be
able to take advantage of the incredibly powerful ARK CLI toolset.
7.6 Core Plugins & Modular Architecture
ARK Core is split into multiple packages using Lerna to manage their development
and publishing. The beneﬁt of this approach is that it is easier to focus on smaller
parts of the whole system, with each as a standalone package. Each part of the
core can be replaced by custom implementations. For example, a custom
core-logger-logstash package could replace the default logger without affecting
the stability of other components. All of these plugins are interconnected via the
Core Plugin Manager package, which functions as a container to hold all of the
instances that are shared across plugins [2].

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

18
19/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
The plugin manager allows us to provide different Bootstrap processes for things
like starting a relay node or a forging node. The plugin manager accepts two
parameters, the path to a folder that contains a plugins.json ﬁle, and an optional
parameter that can contain options like including and excluding plugins from the
Bootstrap process or plugin-speciﬁc options that are not available from the
standard conﬁguration ﬁle [2].
A key tenant of ARK’s extensibility lies in this plugin architecture. Future plugins
released by the ARK business entity as well as third party plugins can integrate
into Core, adding new beneﬁts. When deploying a custom blockchain, use case
plugins can be developed and integrated without affecting the stability of the
existing code.
7.7 ARK Webhooks
The webhook API has been integrated into ARK Core to enable developers to listen
to speciﬁc events from the ARK blockchain. Webhooks provide other applications
with real-time information without expending resources unnecessarily. As ARK
grows, traﬃc on the network will increase. Utilizing webhooks removes the need to
poll the network for data which can cause network stress. On average, 98.5% of
polls are wasted and increase the workload on the server, making webhooks much
more eﬃcient. Based on user speciﬁcations, the webhook notiﬁcations will be sent
out on every block update, including transactions sent, transactions received, and
other timing events built on the ARK blockchain [9].
7.8 ARK Core Docker
ARK Core is now available for Docker, the industry standard for packaging
applications into a container. This will give developers another tool to quickly
install and run an ARK node. Using a Docker image, all dependencies such as the
language runtimes and libraries are combined within the container, making an
all-in-one node installation much easier [10].
7.9 ARK Snapshot Manager
An all-new local snapshot system has been developed, allowing node operators to
use their copies of the database when needed. When starting a new node or
rebuilding a node due to errors, local copies allow for fast and safe
synchronization. The ARK Snapshot Manager provides simple commands such as
dump, restore, rollback, truncate, and verify. The ARK snapshot manager has been
integrated into the ARK CLI since the release of ARK Core 2.2.0.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

19
20/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
7.10 ARK Utilities
ARK Utilities is a separate library providing common functions for working with
data and performing common tasks while simultaneously increasing performance
across the entirety of ARK Core. By introducing this new dependency layer, many
third party dependencies can be replaced in Core with elements of the ARK Utilities
library. Additionally, a common API can be provided. This allows developers to
swap out or make changes to the implementations as they identify performance
issues and other shortcomings, all without affecting the API. Extensive real-world
testing has proven ARK Utilities to offer multi-fold improvements as high as 12x
over other libraries such as Native and Lodash [11].

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

20
21/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

8 ARK Peripherals
8.1 Expanding on Core
Now armed with a lean and powerful Core, ARK can expand its value proposition
through useful peripherals, which include software development kits (SDKs),
external products, open source projects, branded plugins, and more. These
peripherals combine to deliver a family of solutions that come with any newly
deployed ARK blockchain. Through sharp vision and community support, anyone
who needs a blockchain will have everything they need right out of the box.
8.2 ARK Software Development Kits
Using ARK SDKs, developers can employ the programming language of their
choice to build applications utilizing the ARK blockchain. Each implementation is
split into two sub kits: Client and Cryptography. Client sub kits help developers
fetch information from the ARK blockchain about its current state, such as which
delegates are currently forging, what transactions are associated with a given
wallet, and so on. Cryptography sub kits, by contrast, assist developers in working
with transactions, such as signing, serializing, deserializing, and the like.
The following SDKs are currently available:
C++. C++ is widely used in embedded systems software
engineering. The addition of C++ pushes ARK further into the world
of IoT as it can be run on microcontrollers such as Arduino and
Raspberry Pi [12].
.NET. The .NET motto is Any developer, any app, any platform! As
such, this framework is a very popular platform in corporate
settings. It is the perfect tool for startups and hobbyists who are
just starting out with ARK and would like to jump right in [13].
Elixir. Elixir takes advantage of the Erlang VM, which is known for
running low-latency distributed and fault-tolerant systems, while
also being successfully used in web development and embedded
software domain [14].

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

21
22/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
Go. GoLang is an open source programming language developed
by Google and designed for building fast, simple, and reliable
software. It is not about theoretical concepts such as monads and
virtual inheritance, but more about hands-on experience [15].
Java. Java is a general-purpose computer-programming language
that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and speciﬁcally
designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
With ARK’s Java SDK design, it is easily to re-use Java Crypto and
Client packages to integrate into popular frameworks such as
Kotlin, Groovy and Scala. [16].
Javascript. Javascript is an object-oriented computer programming
language commonly used to create interactive effects within web
browsers. Javascript is one of the most widely used languages on
the Web, and the ARK Core is written in Typescript, a more stringent
ﬂavor of Javascript [17].
PHP. PHP is an extremely popular open source scripting language
that is well suited for web development and can be embedded into
HTML. PHP is used as a server-side programming language for
over 80% of working websites [18].
Laravel. Laravel is an important member of a new generation of
frameworks [19]. It is a free, open source PHP web framework with
expressive, elegant syntax intended for the development of web
applications [20]. Laravel is extremely popular with developers
ranging from hobbyists to enterprise level. Laravel is very highly
ranked according to Github [44].
Symfony. Symfony is a set of reusable PHP components and a PHP
framework for web projects. It allows you to speed up production
and maintenance of your PHP web applications and ends repetitive
coding tasks. This also beneﬁts developers as they can also add
their own modules. Symfony is popular in the enterprise space [21].
Python. Python is a great starting language as it's widely taught in
universities and used for working with beginner and IoT-friendly
devices such as the Raspberry Pi. Python is powerful and fast,

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

22
23/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
plays well with others, runs everywhere, is friendly and easy to
learn, and most of all, it’s open to everyone [22].
Ruby. Ruby is a dynamic, reﬂective, object-oriented,
general-purpose programming language. It supports multiple
programming paradigms including functional, object-oriented, and
imperative. It also has a dynamic type system and automatic
memory management [23].
Rust. Many companies both large and small use Rust in production
for a variety of tasks. Those tasks include command line tools, web
services, DevOps tooling, embedded devices, audio and video
analysis and transcoding, cryptocurrencies, bioinformatics, search
engines, Internet-of-Things applications, machine learning, and
even major parts of the Firefox web browser [24].
Swift. Swift is a powerful and intuitive programming language for
macOS, iOS, watchOS and tvOS. Writing Swift code is interactive
and fun, the syntax is concise yet expressive, and Swift includes
modern features developers love. Swift code is safe by design, yet
also produces software that runs lightning fast [25].
Wolfram. The Wolfram Language leverages built-in computational
intelligence that relies on a vast depth of algorithms and real-world
knowledge carefully integrated over three decades. Wolfram is
heralded as the ﬁrst true computational communication language
for humans and AIs. Wolfram is adding full read and transactional
write support for ARK [26].
RPC. The JSON-RPC compliant [45] SDK was created to aid
organizations with the integration of Ark in their existing RPC based
infrastructure when extenuating circumstances make using the
ARK Public API less than ideal. All operations provided by the
JSON-RPC can be performed using the ARK Public API. [27].

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

23
24/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
8.3 ARK Test Suite
Most software developers are aware of how hard it is to get full test coverage over
different testing phases that must take multiple stakeholders into account [58].
Now add blockchain mechanics to that recipe, and think about how to test
distributed systems, their mechanics, security, block propagation, transaction
management, transaction pool handling, fork management, client API- things get
dicey.
With these challenges in mind, it was paramount to pick the right tool that is
ﬂexible and powerful enough. Upon assessing the market for options, it was
decided that the Jest Framework best suited ARK as the base testing framework.
Jest was developed and is used by Facebook to test all of their JavaScript code
including React applications. Jest is also used by Airbnb, Twitter, Pinterest,
Instagram, and Oculus [2]. We are establishing a common base for developers,
delivering the best possible tools, like powerful mocking, snapshot testing, built-in
code coverage, and zero conﬁguration. ARK Test Suite also makes cross team
collaboration smooth with testing appearing uniform across different sections of
code. By doing so, we deliver valuable implementation examples, enabling
newcomers to learn and understand the existing code.
8.4 ARK Explorer
The ARK Explorer is a fundamental tool, designed and developed from the ground
up, using lean and fast developmental frameworks Tailwind CSS and Vue.JS [38].
Sporting an aesthetically pleasing design, the ARK Explorer boasts features such
as light and dark mode, multi language support, and token price tracking.
The ARK Explorer provides the user with critical data such as viewing the latest
transactions and blocks, searching for wallet addresses and transactions, viewing
wallet address rankings, and monitoring delegates for visibility on network state.
8.5 ARK Desktop Wallet
The ARK Desktop Wallet is a multi-functional application written from scratch
using VueJS and TailwindCSS, implementing the latest Electron framework [30].
The structure of the public and private key generation follows the same
speciﬁcation as Bitcoin, with the exception of using BIP-39 passphrases for end
user ease of use. A custom implementation of BIP-32 for Hierarchical
Deterministic Wallets is provided to ARK users. The ARK Desktop Wallet supports
multiple transaction types with the added beneﬁt of empowering the end user to
determine transaction fees with the introduction of dynamic fees. Customization

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

24
25/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
was an important factor during development to ensure that developers,
businesses, and end users could personalize the wallet experience for their own
requirements. Because of this, the Desktop Wallet is becoming modular with the
advent of wallet plugins. Bridgechains can implement use cases directly into the
ARK Desktop Wallet, and third party developers can enhance its features. With
support for multiple ARK networks enabled, the ARK Desktop Wallet is invaluable
within the ARK Ecosystem.
The ARK Desktop wallet is a lite client, working in tandem with ARK DPoS to deliver
a seamless experience. Users can launch the wallet and interact with the
blockchain immediately, with no need to sync. The wallet is also compatible with
the Ledger Nano S hardware device, offering passphrase management in a secure
sandbox. The ARK Desktop Wallet allows all bridgechains to be added directly for
seamless chain management, automated by bridgechain registration. All
bridgechains also gain the advantage of Ledger Nano S support via the ARK
desktop wallet.For the ARK Public Network, the wallet is integrated with Changelly,
where users can acquire ARK using other cryptocurrencies and ﬁat from directly
within the wallet.
The ARK Desktop Wallet is available on Windows, Mac and Linux operating
systems.
8.6 ARK Mobile Wallet
The ARK Mobile Wallet is a hybrid application that uses the same codebase for
Android and iOS which helps with coordinated development. The ARK Mobile
wallet was created using Ionic framework and ARK’s TypeScript API to interact
with the network via mobile device [31]. The wallet supports multiple transaction
types, with the added beneﬁt of empowering the end user to determine transaction
fees via ARK's dynamic fee implementation.
The ARK Mobile Wallet is available on Android and iOS operating systems.
8.7 ARK Pay
ARK Pay is a simple open-source library that provides merchants with the ability to
easily accept ARK as a means of payment in online stores. ARK Pay is an oﬃcial
ARK supported plugin developed in JavaScript [32]. ARK Pay provides developers
with a plug-and-play module to allow easy implementation of ARK as a payment
method on websites and within web-enabled applications. ARK Pay also utilizes a

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

25
26/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
customized URI scheme, enabling the auto-ﬁll of wallet parameters via clickable
link or QR code.
The next iteration of ARK Pay will also feature a backend for a better transaction
management experience. The custom developed backend will have veriﬁcation
and order processing on the server side instead of polling the blockchain via public
API. It will also become easier for ARK bridgechains to have their own ARK Pay
plugin up and running in no time, supporting their own blockchain by simply
inputting their own network parameters.
8.8 ARK Deployer CLI
ARK Deployer CLI is a lightweight deployment script for creating your own ARKbased blockchains. By utilizing the ARK Deployer, developers can create their own
bridgechain in a matter of minutes. ARK Deployer is just the ﬁrst step in building a
more robust ecosystem that will be user friendly and will feature the same caliber
of user experience that is to be expected from ARK. ARK Deployer conﬁgures,
deploys and integrates the following:
Deploys ARK node in auto-forging mode on a single computer or
server, with your chosen number of forging genesis delegates.
Genesis delegates act as initial placeholders until node operators in
the ﬁeld replace them. Custom parameters can be conﬁgured such
as block times, transaction fees, block rewards, transactions per
second, and so on. Bridgechains operating under the right
conditions can theoretically reach thousands of transactions per
second.
Deploys ARK Explorer that is already conﬁgured and talking with the
installed ARK node. This clones, conﬁgures, installs and integrates
ARK Explorer with the ARK node.
Conﬁgures ARK API for the developer to start exploring, hacking,
and developing solutions based on ARK technology [33].
8.9 ARK Deployer GUI
In alignment with ARK’s master vision of giving as many people as possible the
power of blockchain technology, the ARK Deployer will be skinned with a graphical
user interface in 2019. This will allow developers to visually conﬁgure their
blockchain parameters and selected plugins without the need to interact with the

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

26
27/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
Deployer CLI. Over time, complex processes will become simpler, and creating
custom blockchains will become akin to designing a website with WIX or
Squarespace. Anyone who needs a blockchain can focus on their needs and leave
the heavy lifting to the Deployer backend. The Deployer GUI can also access a
marketplace of plugins and other ARK technology to add functionality to a chain.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

27
28/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

9 ARK Logic
9.1 Bitcoin Scripts
Bitcoin removed central authorities from the process of transferring money over
the Internet. Before Bitcoin, it was simply not possible to digitally transfer wealth
online without some form of centralized intermediary [34]. Bank transfers required
banks, and credit card transactions required credit card companies and merchant
processors. Digital currencies relied on centralized servers with trusted parties to
store account information, transaction data, and often, assets backing the value of
the currency.
Now, with cryptocurrency, you can send funds to anyone else on the network
without using a centralized authority acting on your behalf. In the beginning of
Bitcoin, Satoshi had plans to go beyond simple send and receive functions using
its programming language known as ‘Bitcoin Scripts [35].’ This would have given
Bitcoin the capability of becoming truly programmable money. An example of
Scripts in action would be multisig, where multiple users must sign before funds
are released. Bitcoin has since pivoted away from complex on-chain logic.
9.2 Ethereum Virtual Machine
Ethereum took up the torch on the programmable money concept, and expanded
on the concept further- much further. While Bitcoin Scripts could be seen as the
punch-card computer programs of old, Ethereum was seen as the ﬁrst ‘operating
system’ that directly addressed virtual money in a decentralized environment.
Ethereum Smart Contracts ran within this operating system, known as the EVM, or
Ethereum Virtual Machine. Using a unique new language called ‘Solidity,’ functions
ranging from simple ‘if-then’ statements all the way up to entire applications could
execute, and with far less technical acuity than is required with Bitcoin Scripts.
Ethereum Smart Contracts were a large step in the right direction. The more
functions programmable money can handle by itself, the more autonomous it can
become [36].
9.3 Smart Contract Example
A basic example of a Smart Contract is something seen hundreds if not thousands
of times throughout the last few years- the ICO, or Initial Coin Offering. The Smart
Contract in this example is rather simple. An organization accepts a liquid asset
(Ether) at a speciﬁc address, and when Ether arrives, the Smart Contract

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

28
29/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
automatically sends a new asset back to the source address at a given ﬁxed
exchange rate. This continues until a speciﬁc limit is reached or a speciﬁc amount
of time has elapsed. It’s all handled autonomously by the Smart Contract. The
organization then uses its newly acquired Ether to conduct operations, while the
holders of the new asset are free to trade it with other parties or use it for products
and services.
9.4 Smart Contract Immutability
Even Smart Contracts as simple as the example above have been identiﬁed to
contain critical bugs in the past, and as their complexity grows, so do the
frequency and potential impact of these bugs. A Summer 2018 article cited a code
auditor that determined that twenty-ﬁve percent of all smart contracts contain
critical security issues [37]. While vulnerabilities and critical ﬂaws can be patched
in normal software systems, Smart Contracts are completely ﬁnal and cannot be
modiﬁed once deployed. This means the ﬁrst and last line of defense lies with the
Smart Contract authors and pre-auditors, where lack of understanding of Solidity,
hasty deployment, and inability to react quickly to new information all pose a
substantial threat to safe Smart Contract execution.
9.5 Smart Contract Bloat
Standard Smart Contract architecture where developers deploy versatile and
complex applications tend to require a Virtual Machine of some sort, similar to the
EVM and others. This essentially provides the ‘runtime engine’ in which the
applications reside. Virtual machines must run a variety of applications, and this
usually results in a bloated system that requires heavy resources to run simple
tasks. ARK is deploying solutions using custom transaction types and plugins, so
speciﬁc goals can be reached with far less overhead, making solutions built with
ARK technology far more scalable.
9.6 Smart Contract Complexity
Another problem with Smart Contracts lies within their complexity. The Solidity
language utilizes a multitude of granular functions to build complex applications.
However, this can result in awarding too much raw power to the developer, who
may inadvertently introduce the potential for exploits into their program. By
distilling common business logic into ‘building blocks’ that can be assembled in a
more controlled environment, customized results are attainable with far less risk.
The goal of Ethereum was to expose more people than ever before to the power of
decentralized computing within cryptocurrencies. ARK intends to do this while also

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

29
30/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
realizing as more people become capable, more safeguards must be in place to
prevent errors, all without withholding power from developers.
9.7 ARK Logic as a Solution to Smart Contracts
From the start, our intent was to provide an answer to the Blockchain Trilemma
and reduce the well known limitations of blockchain technology. Some of these
solutions are baked into SmartBridge technology, allowing for greater ﬂexibility and
scalability via an ecosystem of linked chains with speciﬁc use cases. Aside from
the Blockchain Trilemma, however, we saw the above issues with Smart Contracts
and wish to address them as part of our vision. We see Smart Contracts as small
automation engines being executed in black boxes, that lack the modern pace of
development and ﬂexibility, and developers need to learn an additional language to
deliver them.
Our solution to this is to deliver more than just automation and distributed relay
execution. We want to give organizations the power to develop their own
application logic, the way they are already used to doing it, by using existing tooling
and developing normal applications that can be deployed on our blockchain
infrastructure via the modular architecture of plugins. A plugin is a normal
Typescript application that has the full power of blockchain, with all of the
expressive capabilities of using a common programming language. It acts as just
another application that can be deployed and maintained via blockchain
mechanics, running on our core blockchain engine. By developing a plugin, you are
able to add new tables, storage options, web servers, and complete graphical
interfaces running and using the Core technology as a driving force.
9.8 ARK Logic is Flexible
Being able to deliver the power of adaptation and ﬂexibility is one of the ﬁrst steps
to deliver mass adoption and attract more developers to build using ARK
technology. Smart Contracts will evolve into business applications running on ARK
bridgechains. In addition to plugins delivering new ARK functionality, developers
can fully customize their blockchain behavior, with a perfect example of this found
in the ARK Deployer. They can deﬁne custom behaviour of the DPoS mechanism,
adjust block time and TPS, change number of delegates, and adjust the fee
mechanics and block rewards. Everything is fully ﬂexible.
On the transaction level, we introduced the new concept of adding custom
transaction types that still follow the blockchain processing rules, but can be
custom tailored as needed. Custom transaction types, unique plugins, and a fractal

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

30
31/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
network of interconnected bridgechains handling speciﬁc use cases all combine to
maximize ﬂexibility for developers.
9.9 ARK Logic is Scalable
Scalability, being part of the Blockchain Trilemma, is solved with SmartBridge
Technology and ARK Logic. Although some other blockchain projects are aiming
to act as a global supercomputer, we don’t want to ﬁt everything into one black
box. Separation of concern is already a well established pattern in software
development, and we applied the same ideals while addressing the scalability
challenge. If a business or organization has a need for speciﬁc processing power,
custom applications that need faster conﬁrmation times, or oracles that address a
speciﬁc business process, the best approach is to launch and conﬁgure an
application-speciﬁc chain and implement a module addressing the needed
business logic. By doing so we gain in three ways:
Strain on the main ARK network is reduced, as resource
requirements are moved from mainnet to bridgechain
Stability is improved, as a bridgechain can be run in an isolated
environment, free from the bloat of external operations
Upgrades become easier as logic can be modiﬁed and improved, in
contrast to the ﬁnality of Smart Contracts. The application can
scale provided consensus is reached.
Moving processing logic from mainnet to bridgechain also addresses other known
concepts such as sharding or payment channels, thus closing the horizontal
scalability issue. Both of the approaches are achieved via bridgechain launch and
its customization.
Scalability also walks hand in hand with interoperability for ARK. With the
introduction of bridgechains we gain clear separation of concerns, while moving
business logic to the application-centric bridgechains.
9.10 ARK Logic is Simple
We addressed the Blockchain Trilemma issues with knowledge and experience
gained from real work usage on the ARK mainnet for more than two years, and
with valuable feedback gathered from companies developing their projects using
ARK technology. We are looking at all of the possible use cases of blockchain

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

31
32/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
technology, and we are addressing them with a lean and stable core, a vast array
of SDKs, an intuitive blockchain deployer, modular technology via plugin
infrastructure, custom transaction types, and interoperability via SmartBridge
Technology. We support all of this with extensive and thorough documentation,
guidebooks, tutorials, code examples, and help from community developers. ARK
Logic components such as modular plugins and TX templates will combine with
the above elements to make creating and deploying decentralized applications
extremely simple, but ARK technology is far from basic. The K.I.S.S. approach of
ARK Logic will allow anyone to create or enhance their project in the most eﬃcient
and standard way.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

32
33/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

10 SmartBridge Technology
10.1 The Need to Interoperate
The need for interoperability is a serious issue, and ARK has had a major impact in
this ﬁeld. The SmartBridge approach allows ARK to bypass one of the most
common issues surrounding different blockchains, which is the isolation between
each one. The communication between different coins/blockchains is currently
controlled by centralized exchanges in the form of asset transfer only. ARK is
looking to change this by allowing asset and data transfer without the need for
custodial third parties.
SmartBridge communication can be deﬁned in two ways:
Protocol-Speciﬁc SmartBridge. This represents communication
between various chains based on ARK Core technology that live
and operate within the ARK Ecosystem’s network of bridgechains.
This is also known as bridgechain communication.
Protocol-Agnostic Smartbridge. This represents communication
between blockchains that use different consensus mechanisms,
tokens and protocols, for example Bitcoin and others. This is also
known as cross-chain communication.
10.2 ARK-ARK SmartBridge Mechanics
Bridgechain protocol deﬁnes a new communication layer targeting ARK-based
application-centric blockchains. Communication between bridgechains will bring
more than just token swaps (ability to exchange data, information, bridgechain
validation) and will deﬁne the groundwork for the businesses and projects to
communicate via the new protocol. More on this will follow in future
documentation including a speciﬁc ARK Improvement Proposal deﬁning the
bridgechain protocol in detail. Protocol realization was recently made possible with
the release of the brand new Core v2, and by enabling functions supported by ARK
Logic.
Bridgechain protocol will be introduced in the form of a new Core module
core-bridge. The core-bridge module operates hand in hand with the new
bridgechain registration transaction type delivered by the ARK Deployer, while still

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

33
34/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
carrying proof of trust/ownership of the originator of the registration transaction.
Bridgechain registration means that any new bridgechain will need to be registered
via our mainnet. The ARK Public Network will act as a proxy, main highway, and
decentralized guard to interchain communication.
ARK has been upgraded for event triggering with the use of webhooks and basic
event emitters. Events are used inside the Core to trigger blockchain actions and
the delivery of webhook payloads. Additionally, custom plugins can utilize the
event emitter package to trigger their own actions in response to blockchain
events. Conceptually, this feature is similar to the Hooks implementation in
WordPress [49], as well as the lifecycle hook access provided by Javascript
frameworks such as Vue and React [50] [51].
A primary difference is that due to the need for strict protocols around blockchain
data creation and retrieval, events are strictly reactionary. Core events are not
capable of changing data at runtime. The transaction applied event, for instance,
passes a complete transaction instance, not raw transaction data that can be
altered in the style of a WordPress ﬁlter. Another way to think of the event API is in
the context of a publish-subscribe pattern [52]. In this pattern, ARK Core packages
can act both as publishers and subscribers of events.
Bridgechain protocol transactions enabling coin transfers will need to be
conﬁrmed on all three levels: the sending blockchain, ARK mainnet, and the
receiving blockchain. The bridgechain protocol logic will be replicable, meaning
that any bridgechain is able to act as a self-governing mainnet, thus making a
horizontal connection through the spider web of blockchains and enabling exit via
ARK mainnet.
10.3 ARK-ANY Smartbridge Mechanics
A community project called ARK Contract Execution Services otherwise known as
ACES has shown everyone that it is possible to have two-way transfers between
ARK and Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Ethereum, including issuing Smart Contracts from
ARK to Ethereum, regardless of the underlying protocols. ACES can adapt to any
blockchain as needed [54].
Communication takes place through a special data section called vendor ﬁelds. At
255 characters, each transaction can be used to send text, instructions or code.
This can also be used as hashing functions or even trigger events such as Smart
Contracts on other blockchains.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

34
35/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

Intermediary nodes known as encoded listeners comb through this data for tasks
to perform. These encoded listeners can be programmed and run however the
operator sees ﬁt, including running an exchange pool similar to ShapeShift or
Changelly. Competing encoded listener node runners can launch ACES nodes for
various coins, creating an encoded listener marketplace [48].
ACES is not a fully decentralized solution, even though it can result in multiple
interaction points between two chains that are independently operated, providing
redundancy. It is worth noting, however, that aside from handling other
blockchains, ACES can handle communication between ARK-based chains as well.
ACES can be used while the decentralized SmartBridge Technology between
various ARK-based blockchains is developed, and other blockchains or tokens that
wish to migrate to ARK can do so via ACES token bridge. ACES is currently
undergoing upgrades due to the recent ARK Core redesign, and aspects of the
ACES approach are carrying over in the Core itself. An example of this approach
that uses the plugin/module implementation is when ARK technology and
HyperLedger Fabric were integrated. The plugin-enabled execution of HyperLedger
SmartContracts functions via ARK SmartBridge by using the vendor ﬁeld as an
interface [53].
Focus will be more thorough on cross-chain capabilities after the initial ecosystem
is built with seamless bridgechain communication via the new bridgechain
protocol. For now, the focus will be on building the ecosystem further and
delivering promises of interchain communication among ARK-based blockchains.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

35
36/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

11 ARK Business Strategy
11.1 Business Strategy Introduction
The Gartner technology hype cycle illustrates a point of an Innovation Trigger
which leads to a peak of Inﬂated Expectations. Afterwards, a Trough of
Disillusionment forms followed by a Slope of Enlightenment, to rest on the Plateau
of Productivity [39]. Applying this cycle to blockchain technology, we believe the
technology is in the process of exiting the Trough of Disillusionment, making this
the perfect time to focus more heavily on executing plans to build a customer
base, gain strategic value, and create new revenue streams for the ARK business
entity.
The best way to move forward is to deliver solid and easy-to-use technology that
will enable new use cases and disrupt the existing ones. The key challenge here is
to provide the tools and technology that makes this an easy switch, and this is
where ARK’s main vision and motivation comes from. We will continue improving
and implementing new features with input from the community and wider
audiences. Working together by listening to and understanding our early adopters
will help us improve and deliver on our promises using ARK’s technology stack.
11.2 ARK SCIC Business Entity
ARK is currently incorporated in France as a cooperative society known as an SCIC
(Société Coopérative d’intérêt Collectif). It is the ﬁrst of its kind in the crypto world,
and one of the ﬁrst blockchain projects to incorporate in the EU [40]. ARK has also
met with the AMF, which is similar to the SEC, and maintains a close relationship
with them for regulatory compliance. ARK also has close ties to the French
government and has contributed to Article 26 of the Loi Pacte and both Parliament
reports on blockchain and cryptocurrency [46] [47].
11.3 ARK Team
The ARK team, also known as the ARK Crew, is decentralized throughout the world
and has no main oﬃce. Team members come from the United States, France,
Spain, Brazil, United Kingdom, Germany, The Netherlands, Slovenia, Finland,
Bulgaria, Ukraine, and others. The ARK Crew is determined to change the world by
giving everyone accessibility to the awesome power of blockchain. We have been
expanding and hiring more talent regardless of market conditions, and we are in
possession of multiple years’ worth of working capital in various cryptocurrencies.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

36
37/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

11.4 Moving to a Customer & Value Centric Approach
The initial phase of ARK’s business strategy was to develop a solid foundation of
technology with which custom solutions and applications can be built by others.
With a newly reimagined Core and large family of peripherals, ARK can now begin
its shift towards catering to customers, or the organizations and open source
communities that intend to use the technology. ARK will do this by using its own
tools and ARK Logic templates to expand on its current offerings and attract
developers in certain industries of interest. Once this takes place, the ARK
business entity can focus on providing true value to those that need
application-speciﬁc blockchains. ARK’s toolset will always be versatile for any use
case, but the ARK business entity intends to offer help and guidance for speciﬁc
industries through tools and features that are a bit more tailored. This will reduce
the barriers to entry even further for those industries.
The value-centric proposition is not the same as the API-centric, which is a
technical solution. More precisely, the value proposition describes what value you
offer to the customer and why the customer should buy it. The API describes how
you provide value to the customer [42].
The value-centric approach is important for organizations already running their
business that want to improve their product offerings, or add new
blockchain-enabled features or products. This is where ARK technology comes
into play as a solid choice. We will focus on this aspect and help businesses
improve their technology by adding new value propositions and solving some of
their existing customers’ pains with industry-tailored tools. Any remaining gaps will
be ﬁlled by the community and ARK digital marketplace as needed.
11.5 Transformation Into a Digital Marketplace
Building the ARK Core around component based architecture brought much more
than just a modular and ﬂexible codebase. Core plugins are the framework to
introduce a new era of business-oriented distributed applications. Organizations
can develop business applications on our already established and running
blockchain platform by using plugin development tools and ARK Logic. An ARK
plugin can be anything from a simple API expanding and enabling storage of
additional data on the blockchain, to a brand new HTTP server with custom
underlying logic, delivering new application interfaces and support for any kind of
business related challenges. Developers can use our already available SDKs,

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

37
38/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
libraries, and utilities, so they can focus on business application development. ARK
plugins can be developed in JavaScript and Typescript.
Every plugin can introduce its own licensing and support conditions. A plugin
license can be stored on the ARK mainnet in the form of a transaction. Some
plugins will run solely on bridgechains and some will be part of the mainnet only as
needed. For the plugin to reach mainnet, a wide consensus between public
delegates is necessary.
This brings us one step further to the introduction of a digital marketplace- a
convenient destination to discover, buy and sell applications, services and
solutions built with ARK’s technology stack. The marketplace will make it easy to
ﬁnd and publish new solutions built on top of ARK technology. Its main purpose is
to connect service providers, developers, startups and larger enterprises. To
enable this, new transaction types will be introduced for the ARK Public Network.
Transaction types will be created for business and bridgechain on-chain
registration. This will enable businesses to register on the ARK mainnet and further
develop ARK plugins that can be traced back to the business registration
transaction, which will contain more details about the company. This will also
solve the pressing matter of bad actors who wish to disseminate malicious code
posing as well-established developers.
Business Registration on ARK Public Network. An individual, team or
company will be able to issue a business registration transaction in
the same way a delegate registration transaction is issued. The
proposed fee for this transaction should be high enough so only
serious projects will take this on. With this transaction, more
company or project details must be provided such as website,
github, VAT ID if applicable, contact email, etc. This transaction will
serve as an entry to the next scenario, where the registered
business on the ARK Public Network can request a bridgechain
launch via the ARK Deployer GUI.
Bridgechain conﬁguration on ARK Public Network via ARK Deployer.
An address that is registered as a business or organization can
send a bridgechain registration. This will serve as an input to the
ARK Deployer as it would use this address to further generate the
chain speciﬁcations such as genesis block, initial wallets and

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

38
39/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
passwords, mainnet, devnet and testnet speciﬁcations. This
establishes authenticity for the bridgechain, opening doors to
certain strategic value opportunities within the ARK ecosystem that
will not be available to an unregistered chain, such as the Powered
by ARK Program, currently in development for 2019.
Entry into the Powered by ARK Program via bridgechain registration
simply means that the team behind the project is serious and
capable, and that the project was assessed and evaluated by ARK
community and team. This can also be read as partnership and
give a green light to proudly use the ‘Powered by ARK Core’ logo, as
well as oﬃcial listing on ARK mainnet and peripherals. Being listed
on the ARK mainnet triggers bridgechain awareness, visibility, and
above all, capability to communicate. The ARK mainnet will act as a
proxy and a decentralized guardian for interchain communications.
New transaction types and plugin deployment using ARK Logic go hand in hand
with the new functionalities of the ARK Deployer. Deployer serves as the primary
vehicle for building, launching, and managing blockchains. The deployer user can
select and register a new bridgechain, and preselect the set of modules and
plugins included in the bridgechain launch. This will enable users to launch custom
bridgechain speciﬁcations already adapted to speciﬁc industries of interest, and
customize their chain for any use case with third party tools and plugins.
11.6 Industries of Interest
The ARK business entity will soon start using its own tools to tailor solutions and
add-ons for speciﬁc industries. This means that soon, players in these industries
will have ready-made tools out of the box to utilize in deploying their blockchain
solutions, using ARK Logic. As more entities in these ﬁelds use ARK technology,
the building blocks can be reﬁned and expanded, producing further ease of use for
whoever is next in line. The ARK business entity, after creating such
industry-speciﬁc toolkits and ARK Logic templates, will start facilitating usage of
the solutions among organizations, and form strategic partnerships within these
sectors as needed. The ARK business entity will be focusing on four industries of
interest to start: Gaming, Internet-of-Things, Government, and Supply Chain
Management.
Gaming. Blockchain has the power to completely change the way
that developers approach game design. Blockchain can also

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

39
40/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
elevate the way that players interact with gaming ecosystems.
Decentralized infrastructure enables immutable ownership of
in-game digital assets, completely transforming the control and
ﬂexibility that players currently have in centralized gaming
environments. Further to this, issues with hacking, duplication and
theft are mitigated through the encryption provided by blockchain
networks, all leading to massive increases in security for both
gaming infrastructure and players’ digital possessions.
Exchange of assets between games may also be enabled with a
common game asset protocol built on a network of ARK
blockchains, along with exchange for non-game digital assets and
currencies. Non-fungible tokens allow for serialized, uniquely
identiﬁed, transferable in-game assets.
Blockchain transforms in-game mechanics and processes in a way
that promotes trust and accountability within gaming
environments. A re-imagined system for payments and
monetization could lead to huge cost savings for both developers
and gamers, leading to increasingly fair and optimized in-game
economics.
By utilizing ARK blockchain technology, the gaming sector is able to
tackle key challenges related to security, ownership and fairness.
Along with this, faster and more ﬂexible payment systems, new
ways of building credibility, and improved transparency mean that
new opportunities throughout the industry can be leveraged.

Internet of Things. As the IoT industry continues to grow, it’s
increasingly plagued with issues surrounding security, poor
connectivity and slow performance, limiting its ability to fully
penetrate the commercial and industrial sectors. Industry leaders
are crying out for a scalable solution that will enhance security,
improve network performance and reduce the reliance on
centralized cloud servers, and that’s where blockchain technology
shines.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

40
41/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
With its innate immutability and decentralized nature, blockchain is
the perfect ﬁt for IoT. It addresses the key challenges that the IoT
industry faces, from device security to the authentication and
encryption of information.
A decentralized network means that the risk of IoT devices being
compromised via a single point of failure is mitigated, and the
reliance on expensive, centralized data centers is signiﬁcantly
reduced. Moreover, a lean, scalable network capable of supporting
millions of connected devices delivers improved network
performance and reliability, as well as reduces bottlenecks.
By utilizing ARK technology, the IoT industry can beneﬁt from a
more secure, robust and resilient network architecture- one that
doesn’t fall victim to data collusion, network tampering or single
points of failure, delivering signiﬁcant cost savings and eﬃciency
gains.

Government. Governments and public sector entities around the
world have been experimenting with blockchain technology over the
past few years. This testing is now turning into adoption in many
instances as the value of blockchain-powered infrastructure and
public services is emerging. By utilizing blockchain technology,
government operations can become more eﬃcient and streamlined
leading to more effective delivery of public services. Additionally,
blockchain technology enables more streamlined internal
processes which can lead to widespread cost savings.
Decentralized blockchain infrastructure removes single points of
failure and provides additional layers of security and protection of
critical government systems and citizen data. With blockchain
allowing secure access to citizen records and data, trust is
improved through radical transparency and accuracy
enhancements. Fraud is deterred and compliance is upheld at all
times due to the immutable and decentralized characteristics of
blockchain.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

41
42/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
Speciﬁc blockchain use-cases in government environments include
digital identity, voting, payments, registries and record
management. By transforming the way that governments are able
to generate, process and share data, citizens are empowered via
blockchain powered services.
By utilizing ARK blockchain technology, the government sector can
beneﬁt from operational eﬃciencies and streamlined processes,
cost savings and disintermediation, increased trust and
transparency along with improvements to both infrastructure and
data security.

Supply Chain Management. Decentralized digital ledgers are
allowing the supply chain management industry to get real-time
oversight of player activity in their global supply chain network. The
industry’s key challenges of limited visibility and inaccuracies
across its network create uncertainty. Lags and black holes can
seemingly place inventory in multiple places at once, or more
worryingly, nowhere at all. This poses a critical problem for a
fast-paced industry that relies on getting the right product to the
right place, at the right time.
This uncertainty, ultimately caused by gaps between departments
and across business entities are a thing of the past with a complete
blockchain solution. At its core, a blockchain is a ledger based on
consensus. A consensus-based approach would mean that all
nodes would agree about where inventory is at any one time.
Moreover, decentralized logic and workﬂows allow actions to be
executed based on predeﬁned conditions. This eliminates the
‘middle-man’ whether that be intermediary systems or labor,
generating signiﬁcant cost savings for supply chain organizations.
ARK technology can offer the supply chain industry greater
oversight and control of inventory, enhanced data security, and
automated processes, enabling increased eﬃciency and signiﬁcant
cost reduction.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

42
43/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

11.7 Outreach
The ARK business entity does not intend to simply build. However, ARK also does
not wish to participate in the empty hype train the crypto and blockchain industry
appears to revere. In light of this, the ARK business entity executes and will
continue to expand outreach initiatives that fulﬁll multiple tangible purposes,
spreading awareness and adding strategic value to the overall ecosystem. The
outreach initiatives ARK is focusing on includes the following:
Conferences. To date, ARK has sponsored nearly a dozen
blockchain conferences and expos. The ARK business entity will
continue to do this so long as these events continue to provide
appropriate value in exchange for sponsorship and attendance.
Conferences are useful to present ARK achievements and progress
to the greater blockchain community. They also attract talent in the
space to use ARK technology and allow peer review and feedback
to take place. In addition, conferences position ARK in front of
organizations and enterprises looking to utilize blockchain
technology.
Hackathons. With blockchains containing the potential to impact
the world as largely as the Web itself, it is logical to expose budding
talent to ARK through universities and campuses around the world.
Thus, ARK has sponsored nearly a dozen hackathons, which are
short competitions among teams of computer science students
and developers who create projects that are judged with prizes.
ARK is utilizing a strategic partnership with Major League Hacking
to create an ARK blockchain workshop, and also intends to enter
the realm of virtual hackathons, where teams need not be in the
same geographical location to compete.
Meetups and ARK Ambassador Program. Building a strong
community is important to the success of any ecosystem. As such,
agents of the ARK business entity attend meetups to give
presentations on ARK technology and how people can get involved
within the ecosystem. As blockchains gain in popularity, the
frequency and size of these meetups around the world will increase
and prominent ARK agents will not be able to keep up. The ARK
Ambassador program will appear in 2019, where ARK agents train

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

43
44/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
and empower ARK enthusiasts to give these presentations and
even host ARK-speciﬁc meetups of their own. After a certiﬁcation,
ARK Ambassadors can receive ARK bounties for representing the
ARK business entity and ARK Ecosystem in the real world.
Market Research. The ARK business entity has recently acquired
market research experts to identify the struggles within industries
of interest and propose ARK-based solutions for them. This market
research is paramount in reaching out to organizations and
enterprises within these industries and start laying out how ARK
technology can help them. As these organizations and entities use
ARK technology more and more, their respective communities can
merge with the ARK community, increasing its size and bringing
more strategic value to the overall ecosystem.
Strategic Partnerships. There is a saying within the ARK community
that ARK has ‘no competitors, only future partners.’ ARK partners
with businesses, organizations, and other projects whenever
tangible strategic value exists. This includes blockchain projects,
exchanges, service providers, and others. Strategic partnerships
allow the ARK business entity to gain access and capabilities in
exchange for fulﬁlling a need for the partnering party, while
operating funds remain protected. This also expands ARK’s
exposure.
Delegate Collaboration. The ARK business entity is fully aware of a
large source of support and potential right next door, in the
delegates of the ARK Public Network. Thus, the ARK business entity
has no problem collaborating with mainnet delegates on initiatives
that increase ARK exposure or bring strategic value to the
ecosystem. Delegates launch campaigns to attract votes which
usually include plans to deploy additional community services
beyond securing the network. The ARK business entity has the
ability to pour gasoline on these services in the form of additional
seed funding beyond the block rewards that delegates receive. This
can quickly add community impact to a delegate’s deployed
service. The ARK business entity also has the ability to include
delegates in developing and deploying speciﬁc ARK products and

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

44
45/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
tools that have a key focus on expanding the overall ARK
community.
Bounties & Contests. The ARK business entity is not solely
responsible for deliverables by any means. In fact, the ARK Core
and peripherals are on Github, where community developers help
enhance the code. The ARK Development & Security Bounty
Program awards community developers with ARK for helping. ARK
is also partnered with Bugcrowd and launched a public bug bounty
program with rewards for discovering vulnerabilities. ARK also ran
documentation bounties for contributing to the ARK documentation
repositories. ARK has also been known to run various contests for
non-technical ARK community members. Those contest types are
expected to continue and grow in 2019. ARK delegates and
community members are welcome to collaborate with the ARK
business entity via prize sponsorships.
Social & Rich Media. ARK has a strong presence on Steemit,
LinkedIn, Slack, Discord, Reddit, Bitcoin Talk, Twitter, and Instagram.
The ARK business entity also has a detailed blog on Medium that
acts as a hub for public relations. ARK has useful videos on
Youtube, and has speciﬁc plans to expand its Youtube presence
throughout 2019. The ARK business entity also collaborates with
delegates to increase the rich media available on its Youtube
channel. ARK hosts a weekly audio podcast as well, available on
iTunes, Google Play, Stitcher, Soundcloud, Spotify, and Castbox.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

45
46/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

12 Conclusion
12.1 Blockchains are Here to Stay
Satoshi Nakamoto opened Pandora’s box with Bitcoin. Blockchain technology has
caused a new renaissance of inspiration that is growing worldwide. The potential
for the technology is massive, and among the now thousands of blockchain
projects in the space, working products and fulﬁlled promises are beginning to
take shape. When inspiration hits a developer or organization, they will see that
ARK has positioned itself to be the easiest path to success for them. Some of the
largest tech companies in the world started with one person, on one computer, in
one bedroom. ARK technology empowers this person to get ninety percent of the
way there with a few clicks.
12.2 What the Future Holds for ARK
A successful ARK Ecosystem means that hundreds, if not thousands, of
communities, businesses, enterprises, and organizations are using ARK
technology to deploy blockchains custom tailored to their needs. Other blockchain
projects with tokens on a restrictive mainnet begin to break off and form their own
ARK-based network, addressing their scalability concerns and reaching higher
planes of ﬂexibility using ARK Logic. They experience the freedom of expression
through the sovereignty they receive with ARK. They beneﬁt from the speed and
security ARK offers. They appreciate the simplicity of ARK technology. They
receive much needed support from the ARK Public Network, ARK business entity,
and ARK community. These ARK-based chains interoperate via SmartBridge
Technology with a thriving ARK mainnet, bringing a true sense of uniﬁcation
without monopolization.
12.3 Get Involved
You play a key role in the success of ARK and you can bring tangible value that is
truly appreciated by the whole of the ecosystem. If you like developing, you can
improve the code on Github by tackling issues and submitting pull requests. You
can apply your own ideas to develop additional peripherals and plugins using ARK.
You can become an ARK mainnet delegate, or even launch your own chain.
If you aren’t technically inclined, you can bring your own skills and talents to the
table by asking questions, voting for delegates you support, accepting ARK for
your business, receiving funding for an idea through the ARK Community Fund,
and even helping the team in non-coding projects on the ARK Community
Committee. ARK is for everyone, and together we can bring to the world the true
vision of Point. Click. Blockchain.

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

46
47/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

13 Resources
Network Resources
wallet.ark.io: Download the oﬃcial desktop wallet
android.ark.io: Download the oﬃcial mobile wallet for Android
ios.ark.io: Download the oﬃcial mobile wallet for iOS
explorer.ark.io: ARK Public Network blockchain explorer
Developer Resources
github.ark.io: Access the ARK codebase repositories
docs.ark.io: Technical documentation and guides
bounty.ark.io: ARK Development & Security Bounties
guidelines.ark.io: Protocols for contributors
Public Relations Resources
roadmap.ark.io: Progress on project statuses
blog.ark.io: Information on news and releases
steemit.ark.io: ARK Blog syndication on Steemit
Discussion Resources
slack.ark.io: Real-time ARK discussions and help
discord.ark.io: Real-time ARK discussions and help
reddit.ark.io: Oﬃcial community Subreddit
bitcointalk.ark.io: ARK Bitcoin Talk forum page
Social & Rich Media Resources
twitter.ark.io: ARK Twitter account
instagram.ark.io: ARK Instagram account
youtube.ark.io: ARK Youtube channel
podcast.ark.io: ARK Crypto Podcast
Community Resources Not Aﬃliated with ARK.io
ArkDirectory.com: Community-managed library of links
ArkDelegates.io: Browse ARK Public Network delegates
ArkTippr.com: Interact with Reddit using ARK
ArkThoughts.com: Community opinions on ARK
ArkTimeline.com: Interactive timeline of ARK achievements

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

47
48/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper

14 References
[1] https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
[2 ]https://ark.io/Ark-OTS.pdf
[3]
https://www.forbes.com/sites/outofasia/2017/12/22/ﬁve-issues-preventing-blockchain-from-going-mainstream-the-insanely-popularcrypto-game-etheremon-is-one-of-them/#1ff094246fad
[4] https://www.draglet.com/lightning-network/
[5] https://cointelegraph.com/press-releases/ark-mainnet-to-launch-march-21st-2017
[6] https://blog.ark.io/ark-core-v2-mainnet-launch-95a5b621f6f7
[7] https://www.researchgate.net/publication/326412260_The_latest_gossip_on_BFT_consensus
[8] https://blog.ark.io/towards-ﬂexible-marketplace-with-ark-dynamic-fees-running-on-new-core-31f1aaf1e867
[9] https://blog.ark.io/ark-core-2-technical-update-series-webhooks-655d10c2d2dc
[10] https://blog.ark.io/ark-core-docker-ready-set-core-a04fbf4c97a0
[11] https://blog.ark.io/ark-utilities-making-the-ark-ecosystem-faster-a8f958c7402e
[12] https://blog.ark.io/c-sdk-is-now-available-for-ark-63711c63daa3
[13] https://blog.ark.io/arknet-net-client-to-work-with-ark-blockchain-ea37b49525df
[14]https://blog.ark.io/ark-elixir-new-magical-api-wrapper-6e1cb0bde188
[15] https://github.com/kristjank/ark-go
[16] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language)
[17] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript
[18] https://haydenjames.io/80-percent-web-powered-by-php/
[19] https://krify.co/laravel-web-development/
[20] https://econstratech.com/php-laravel.php
[21] https://blog.ark.io/ark-symfony-high-performance-php-framework-for-web-development-714b3d127313
[22] https://blog.ark.io/pythark-python-api-wrapper-for-ark-f90d632a5a0e
[23] https://blog.ark.io/introducing-ark-ruby-the-new-programming-language-integration-for-ark-4e028944792
[24] https://blog.ark.io/ark-rust-a-new-way-to-interact-with-the-ark-blockchain-a7e55c213582
[25] https://blog.ark.io/ark-swift-interface-for-easy-ios-integration-with-the-ark-blockchain-ae96bceda3fc
[26] https://blog.ark.io/ark-partners-with-wolfram-blockchain-labs-556811108e16
[27] https://blog.ark.io/ark-rpc-making-it-easier-to-interact-with-ark-for-exchanges-and-service-providers-53198b9072fd
[28] https://blog.ark.io/nucleid-a-powerful-cli-tool-1fad7c2fdc5b
[29] https://blog.ark.io/ark-kotlin-making-android-apps-for-ark-becomes-a-breeze-with-kotlin-aee05cfb86cf
[30] https://blog.ark.io/new-frontiers-ark-desktop-wallet-v2-67df8f7bcbb5
[31] https://blog.ark.io/mobile-ark-wallet-a-wallet-for-everyone-aeb712d88e24
[32] https://blog.ark.io/introducing-ark-pay-start-accepting-ark-in-your-store-today-c024d0f026f
[33] https://blog.ark.io/ark-deployer-v2-create-your-own-ark-based-blockchain-in-minutes-49f12670f7f5
[34] http://oxfordblockchain.net/introduction
[35] https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Script
[36] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum
[37] https://news.bitcoin.com/25-of-all-smart-contracts-contain-critical-bugs/
[38]
https://blog.ark.io/ark-explorer-v3-developed-from-the-ground-up-new-design-quicker-response-and-ready-for-push-4b66a87b5d9e
[39] https://www.gartner.com/en/research/methodologies/gartner-hype-cycle
[40] https://blog.ark.io/ark-creates-a-unique-business-entity-827c488c7fb8
[41] https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039.mediawiki
[42] http://api-as-a-product.com/articles/value-proposition-interface-canvas-api/
[43] https://hackernoon.com/a-brief-intro-to-bitcoin-schnorr-multi-signatures-b9ef052374c5
[44] https://github.com/topics/framework
[45] https://www.jsonrpc.org/speciﬁcation

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

48
49/50

4/5/2019

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper - Google Docs

ARK Ecosystem Whitepaper
[46] http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr/15/pdf/rap-info/i1624.pdf
[47] http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr/15/pdf/rap-info/i1501.pdf
[48] https://blog.ark.io/what-is-the-ark-smartbridge-and-how-does-it-work-1dd7fb1e17a0
[49] https://codex.wordpress.org/Plugin_API
[50] https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/instance.html#Instance-Lifecycle-Hooks
[51] https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html
[52] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publish%E2%80%93subscribe_pattern
[53] https://blog.ark.io/making-cross-chain-smart-contracts-on-ark-via-hyperledger-fabric-e69149b1e12c
[54] https://arkaces.com
[55] https://bitcoinfees.info/
[56] https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/ﬁatmoney.asp
[57] https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-protocol/consensus
[58] https://www.researchgate.net/publication/228913406_A_Study_on_Test_Coverage_in_Software_Testing
[59] https://github.com/ArkEcosystem/AIPs/blob/master/AIPS/aip-11.md

Version 2.0.0 | 2019.04.01
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PBB1K31jRbffdLSsCrTPP7rudIe_U91fzUBL0Fo_870/edit

49
50/50

