1

Payment & Budget Management Decentralized App
Leveraging the Blockchain, Cryptocurrency and AI Technologies

WhitePaper
Version 2.0, August 2018

2

Atidium is a cryptocurrency created as a resource to better manage your budget.
You will get 100% control for your payments thanks to
smart contracts that you can create in less than a minute!
You will get 100% control for your expenses thanks to
artificial intelligence engine that will teach you how to
manage your budget easily.
It is ideal for anyone from individuals and families
to small businesses and large corporations.
As an easy-to-use money management system,
Atidium can be used all around the world.

Visit our website www.atidium.io and join us now.

3

“
Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels.
The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes..
The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules.
And they have no respect for the status quo.
You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them.
About the only thing you can't do is ignore them.
Because they change things.
They push the human race forward.
While some see them as the crazy ones, we see genius.
Because the people who are crazy enough to think
they can change the world, are the ones who do.”
”
Steve Jobs
1955-2011

Table of Contents ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Page 04
Disclaimer ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 05
Introduction by the CEO ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 06
Our Team ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 07
The Purpose of Atidium ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Page 10
What is Atidium ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 12
Currency Features of ATD -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 12
The Atidium Mobile Decentralized Application --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 13
The Regular ATD Token and the ATD Cash Token ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 14
The Ways for Transfer and Use the Tokens -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 15
The Atidium Debit Card ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 16
Conversion Model Of ATD Token ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 17
Techniques and Methods Used in the App --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 18
AI Budget Management Advisor ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 20
Suitable AI Budget Management Advisor ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 21

Atidium DApp Use Cases in Our Modern World -------------------------------------- Page 22
Use Case #1 - Personal Budgeting -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 22
Atidium as a Financial Social Network --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 23
Use Case #2 - Original Birthday Present ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Page 24
Use Case #3 - Friends Vacation Plan ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 25

Atidium as A Financial Education Tool for Your Children ------------------------- Page 26
Use Case #4 -Educational Mission and Reward ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 27
Use Case #5 - Supporting Your Student children ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 28

Atidium as a Business Solution ------------------------------------------------------------- Page 29
Use Case #6 – Employee Expenses ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 30

Roadmap ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 31
Airdrop

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 32

Token Distribution Model ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 33

Frequently Asked Questions ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 34

Sources --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 36
Want to be part of the new world? ------------------------------------------------------- Page 37

4

5

Disclaimer
The purpose of this White Paper is to present ATIDIUM and the ATD token to potential token holders in
connection with the proposed Airdrop. The information in this White Paper is to provide relevant and
reasonable information to potential token holders in order for them to determine whether to purchase
ATD Tokens and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship.
This document is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations of any
jurisdiction, which are designed to protect investors. The product token is not a digital currency, security,
commodity, or any other kind of financial instrument and has not been registered under the Securities
Act, the securities laws of any state of the United States or the securities laws of any other country,
including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a resident.
While we do our best to ensure that any material in this White Paper is accurate and up to date, such as
products, services, technical architecture, token distribution, company timelines - such material could be
subject to change without notice and in no way constitutes a binding agreement or the provision of
professional advice. In the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies between translations and
communications and this official English language White Paper, the provisions of this English language
original document shall prevail.
ATD tokens confer no rights in the company and do not represent participation in the company. ATD
tokens are not securities. The user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ATIDIUM tokens are not
securities and are not registered with any government entity as a security, and shall not be considered as
such.
ATD tokens are not official or legally binding investments of any kind. Risks and uncertainties The
ATIDIUM platform is not yet developed and is subject to further changes, updates, and adjustments prior
to its launch. Such changes may result in unexpected and unforeseen effects on its projected appeal to
users, possibly due to the failure to meet users’ preconceived expectations based on this White Paper,
and hence, impact its success. For the foregoing or any other reason, the development of the ATIDIUM
platform and launch of ATIDIUM future business lines may not be completed and there is no assurance
that it will be launched at all.
All parties involved in the purchase of ATD tokens do so at their own risk. The funds raised in the Airdrop
are exposed to risks of theft. The Company will make every effort to ensure that the funds will be
securely held in block chain wallets. In such event, even if the Airdrop is completed, the Company may
not be able to receive the cryptocurrencies raised and ATIDIUM may not be able to use such funds for
the development of the ATIDIUM platform. In such case, the launch of the ATIDIUM platform might be
temporarily or permanently curtailed. No Cancellation and No Refund All ATD token orders are deemed
firm and final. The Client acknowledges that they are fully aware that they will not be entitled to claim
any full or partial reimbursement under any circumstances whatsoever.
The Company is not responsible for, nor does it pursue, the circulation and trading of ATD Tokens on the
market. Trading of ATD tokens will merely depend on the consensus on its value between the relevant
market participants.
No information contained in this white paper should be considered as a promise, representation of
commitment or undertaking as to the future performance of the ATIDIUM platform and ATD token.

Introduction by the CEO

6

Since I started researching the Bitcoin and Blockchain technology in 2013, I realized the enormous potential hidden
in the new Crypto world. We are the generation that is experiencing the substantial growth of Crypto currency, right
before our eyes.
During my years of research in the Crypto world, I have experienced a variety of areas: physical and cloud mining,
trading in various trading arenas, investing in new ICOs, and exploring different aspects of the Blockchain
technology.
The more I dove into it, the more I realized the impact it had on the world. After understanding the Blockchain
technology, I realized that the problem I had encountered over the years was the same - this technology seems to
be available to everyone, but unfortunately not accessible to everyone to learn and understand the next best thing...
I remember thinking a lot about the question:
"How does technology help humanity, however good it may be,
if a large number of people find it difficult to manage?"
I found that if the world is really moving to a time when we are less dependent on the different banks and
institutions that profit at our expense, than our responsibility for managing money and our budget is so much
greater!
We write about it a lot in the White Paper. Today, more than ever, it is important that we know how to manage our
expenses and revenues. Those who don't do so will find it difficult to lead a normal life in the new era.
To date, there is not a good tool to help manage our financial budget, and certainly not one that emphasizes the
use of third party payment spending.
Fortunately, in the Crypto world we have smart contracts, the ability to convert crypto currencies into existing Fiat
money, and the Artificial Intelligence technology to analyze and improve our consumer behavior, but currently,
there is no real product that combines all of these ideas together that is accessible to Everyday people.
At this stage, I consulted with my cousin Shlomit Guy, a doctor of anthropology, about the spending habits of
people according to their cultures. I, then, understood the necessity for an open source global money
management tool.
Together, with my amazing staff, we decided to take on this challenge.
My three guiding questions were:
1. Can we make all this wonderful technology available to the common users?
2. Will the tools that we create give real value to people?
3. And will the tools still be relevant for another 10 years?
In 2017, we realized that the answers to these questions were reachable and decided to give a green light on
creating the company.
After many sleepless nights in which we planned, in detail, how we would produce a winning and accessible product
for everyone, we established Atidium.
I invite you to go through the White Paper and the wonderful content on our website, and of course contact me,
personally, over any questions about Atidium.
Regards,
Eliav Cohen, Co-CEO and Co-Founder

7

Our Team

Eliav Cohen
Co-CEO and Co-Founder

Idan More
Co-CEO and Co-Founder

Eliran Cohen
CTO and Co-Founder

8

Alexander Kap
Project Manager

Vladislav Natochen
Product Development

Valentin Korobko
Blockchain Expert

9

Dr. Shlomit Guy
Anthropology, Business Strategy Consultant

Lior Mash
Product Lead

Steph Galindo Palacio
Spanish Marketing Manager

10
10

Atidium is a Payments & Budget Management Decentralized Application, Maximizing the
Benefits of the Blockchain. We established Atidium for one purpose:

To help people, organizations and companies manage their budget better.
Many people have trouble managing money and controlling their budget.
The reason for this is first and foremost related to our DNA we often tend to be overwhelmed by our instincts instead of our actual needs.
These days it is easier than ever for us to waste money that we cannot afford to waste.
We have gathered 5 global facts about the price increase for consumer spending that will
explain why it is important to start operating and managing our budget more wisely.
According to a study
by Forbes, The
Millennial generation
spends more money
than then they make.
94% of college students
complete their degree
with student debt

Housing prices in most parts of the world
increases significantly every year. Many people
leave their hometown due to a lack of funds.

According to the
JAMA study, in the
US alone, health
expenses rose a
total of 5,933
billion dollars

The big organizations and companies that
run our daily lives, those who provide basic
services and derive taxes and other fees are
also preventing individual progress.

Gordon Moore, one of the
founders of the big tech
company Intel, predicted
in 1965 that because
computing power will
double every two years,
it will boost all other
technology

Prices for luxuries today is higher than ever
before. Most millennials waste the majority
of their money on food, entertainment and
gadgets. The fashion and jewelry industries
have also increased their prices significantly.

According to
research by The
Economist, prices
of real estate go
up at an average
of 5.7% each year

The global health systems prices are
increasing each year due to the massive
profits that the pharmaceutical
companies are drawing.
According to
Business Insider’s
research, in many
countries, taxes
imposed on
civilians are more
than 50%

The amount of technological innovation that
came along in the 20th century is the largest in
human history. It is now easier than ever to
spend money we still do not have on luxuries.

11

We are facing another problem that is just
as important as the rise in global prices

The biggest problem we face today is the lack of control over our current expenses.
How many people truly know how much money they spend on food, clothes, luxuries and bills?
In every country where this study was conducted, the answer was always unequivocal:
80% of people have no control over their expenses (as in the Pareto principle).
Be completely honest with yourself and ask, do you know exactly how much money you will put
on your credit card this month? Have you cut down on shopping in recent months? How much
are you going to pay for electricity and water consumption next month?
The majority of people do not have definite answers to these questions.

Can people, organizations and businesses manage their budget wisely?
We believe that everyone can manage their budget optimally if they stick to these four
sets of rules:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Educate & Train
Future Savings
Manage $ Track
Setting Goals

What Is Atidium, and How It Will Help
You Plan Your Budget

12
12

As we have previously stated, we established Atidium to ease the difficulties of
humanity in financial budget management.
We provide great solutions for both the private sector and the business sector. In
order to implement our goals, we opened an entire trading network on top of EOS
blockchain for the trading network we called Atidium.
Our token is in the ATD symbol.
We're also developing an app that will bring out the wonderful features of this token,
which we will discuss in detail on the following pages.

Cryptocurrency Features of ATD
 ATD cryptocurrency is EOS-based token and it will generate profits. Half of the profits will be
deposited to a rewards pool.
 The money from the pool will be rewarded to the app contributors. The remaining amount
will be distributed according to the volume used by the token holder.
 Atidium’s system is built in an open source so that anyone can make changes according to
the model that suits them. For Example:
Token Expiration Date – The ability to set a token use and end date according to the
conditions of the pre-existing smart contract that has been applied to the token.
Token Value – The ability to organize your tokens use based on color scheme, objective
and monetary value.
Token Pre-Conditioning – The ability for the sender to authorize to the receiver how,
where and when the token may be used.

13

The Atidium Mobile Decentralized App

13

* The tokens on the Atidium network will be managed by a unique application that we have developed.
The app will work on all Android and IOS devices and will be available in 10 languages!
* The app will allow every person, any organization or business to manage and spend funds in
a smart way. The user will be able to buy ATD tokens through exchanges with other cryptocurrencies
like EOS and more.
* After downloading the app you will have an option to join our rewards program as an
Atidium Explorer.
As an Atidium Explorer, the app will ask different questions about the business you are shopping at.
To make sure the data we have is accurate you can add information that may be missing.
* Those added businesses will create discounts especially for Atidium users and will be able to highlight
their business with many special features from Atidium decentralized app for a small fee.
* Half of the profits will be deposited into a rewards pool. The money from the pool will be rewarded to
the app contributors. The remaining amount will be distributed amongst the token holders
according to the amount they hold. The rewards pool will be given monthly.
The only thing you will need to do to claim your reward is to sign in the app and claim your new
ATD tokens!

14 14

The Regular ATD Token and the ATD Cash Token

The very first question that our investors asked us is: "if you build a payment app and give a new way
to pay with cryptocurrency, and it's known that the crypto market is unstable, how can you give the
user the confidence that he won't lose all his money, even before he will use the app?"
The answer: The user can convert ATD tokens to ATD Cash tokens and lock their current price!
The differences between the two tokens:

ATD

ATD Cash

This is the regular Atidium token

We created this token to give the user the option to lock
the price of the tokens

As long as the user leaves it in the regular wallet,
its price will be affected by the stock changes.

The app gives the ability to convert an ATD token to an
ATD Cash token.
Once the user does so, the token price is locked by the fiat
currency that the user will choose.

Can be sent from wallet to wallet

Cannot be sent from wallet to wallet

It will be traded on the various stock exchanges

It's not a tradeable token, but the user can always convert
an ATD Cash token to an ATD token.

Use case:
Joe lives in the US and is planning a trip to Thailand.
He has 1,000 USD worth of ATD tokens and he wants to lock their price.
He converts, easily, his 1,000 USD ATD tokens to 31,490 THB ATD Cash tokens
He do that with much cheaper conversion fee than the physical change business in his country or in Thailand.
After he came back home, he still has THB 3,149 ATD Cash tokens in his Atidium digital wallet.
He convert them again to ATD tokens and still has the budget he needs for next month.

The Ways for Transfer and Use the Tokens15

15

Our app has a variety of payment methods. For the first time in history, a user
will be able to transfer his money by Smart Contact

The user can set a different kind of values and conditions
that the third party should follow to get the payment.
You can read about it in the next pages.

Direct transfer between accounts on the Atidium
network. The transactions are very fast and safe.

The Atidium app will use the NFC protocol (near-field
communication) to pay in millions cashiers around
the world.

Every user will be able to order a debit card with a
live sync with his Atidium digital wallet. Our debit
card is international so it can be used in almost
every country in the world.

The user who hold the Atidium debit card will
be able to withdraw his money from millions of
ATMs around the world.

The Atidium Debit Card
The Atidium debit card is international
and can be used to make online and

16

The Atidium Debit Card

16

16

The Atidium debit card is international
and can be used to make online and
physical purchases. It can also be used in
regular ATMs all over the world.
Our debit card will be sent directly to
your home, anywhere in the world,
for a nominal fee.
Your debit card will sync with the Atidium
app real-time and will convert ATD to the
local fiat currency. Every transaction will
aim for the lowest possible fee.
Also, Atidium will create pre-defined
card types, holding individual colors
for individual needs.
ATIDIUM BLUE
Online Only

ATIDIUM red
ATM Only

ATIDIUM green
Card Ages 21 and below, Full Parental Control

ATIDIUM PLATINUM
Card for VIP Costumers

Conversion Model of ATD Main Token

17

The Atidium Debit Card will work anywhere in the world, as long as the specific country
supports transactions with the major credit card companies.
We are currently negotiating with a few major credit card companies. With that said, we will
sign an agreement with the lowest transaction fee solution, for the Atidium community.
Our conversion model is simple: Once a request for payment or withdrawal is made in the
Atidium app, Your ATD Token will be immediately be converted to the current value of the
local currency that you have chosen, and you will be able to use your debit card with ultra-low
fees thanks to the amazing world of cryptocurrency and the Blockchain technology.

This is a HUGE benefit for users that travel around the
world and want to save unnecessary conversion fees!

Are you sure
you want to
send 10 ATD?
($10)

Send Tokens

X

Real-Time
Currency
Conversion

$10 T-Shirt

Techniques and Methods Used in the App
To keep the four set of rules (Setting goals, managing and monitoring,
saving for the future, education and training) the app will act as a
personal account manager for the user, and will offer many features
that will ease the user through the process.
In order to develop the application, we have used technologies such
as smart contracts on the blockchain network, a multi-level security
system to prevent hacking and keep the user’s information safe.
We have also used the most advanced systems to offer easy access
assistance for users.
We have used NLP techniques in the app, as well as social media
gamification to improve future budget management.

18 18

After purchasing ATD tokens, the desired amount will be added to the app wallet.
19
The user will be able to set characteristics and conditions such as color, designation,
and an expiration date. Also, the single and total token value will be shown in other currencies
such as EOS, BTC, USD, EUR just to help the user understand the value.
For Example: if 1 ATD = 1 USD
500 Green Tokens worth $500 which are designated for going-out purposes for the next month.
(Movie Theater, restaurants, pubs etc...)
2,000 Red Tokens worth $2,000 which are designated for shopping for electric appliances for
your home in 2018.
This way you can plan your budget in advance and keep track of your expenses in real time.
The app will know and analyze the colors, statistics, and recommendations for you.
The longer you use the app, the more you can use the statistics and get a better understanding
of what you spend and how you can improve your financial planning and budget.
For Example:
“On Mondays you usually spends 20% more on restaurants than other days”

19

AI Budget Management Advisor

20

Another key feature, which is in development stage, is our AI Budget
Management Advisor. At a touch of a button, the app will be able to learn and
advise the user how to manage and improve their day-to-day financial behavior.
The AI Budget Management Advisor can be configured with Push Notifications
to give the user real-time tips and alerts.
For Example:
* Daily / Weekly / Monthly Tips & Studies.
* Upcoming bills notifications (rent, electricity, gym etc...)
* Excess / Exceeded Budget Notifications.
* Current real-time ATD market price.
* We will develop more features in the future.

Suitable AI Budget Management Advisor

21

Different societies have different consumer cultures. In order to produce suitable cultural AI advisors,
we need to go beyond translating the application into different languages. Our diverse group of
advisors will thrive to help each individual by understanding the consumer culture in each society in
which the currency operates.
For this purpose, the Research and Development Department will study consumer culture in every
market that is applicable. A suitable AI advisor will be designated for each culture or region, based on
its accepted values and norms, the way they perceive money, and the relations between parents and
children.
Setting people up with local, culture-based AI advisors will ensure they feel as though the token was
created specifically for them. This way the buyers are likely to invest in ATD since we have advisors
from all different backgrounds.

That is the power of Atidium.

Use Case #1 – Correct Personal Budgeting

22
22

Thomas, 26, London
Thomas purchased 1,000 ATD tokens and decided to divide them into three sub-currencies:

`

500 tokens were painted red and designated for dining.
300 tokens were painted yellow and designated for parties.
200 tokens were painted blue and designated for gym payments.
After half a year, Thomas realized that he had spent his entire budget on parties and the gym, and he had no
money left. However, he still had 200 tokens to use in restaurants. He chooses to keep the remaining tokens in
his wallet for future savings.
After tracking his expenses, he purchases 1,000 ATD tokens again, this time divided differently:
300 tokens were painted red and designated for dining.
400 tokens were painted yellow and designated for parties.
200 tokens were painted blue and designated for gym.
He also set aside 100 savings tokens that were combined with the 200 tokens that were not consumed
in the first six months.
After using the app for a year:
1. Thomas understood exactly how his budget had been divided.
2. He managed to save money:
200 tokens were saved
100 tokens were saved - Total 300 ATD Tokens were saved.
3. Thomas now knows how to plan his budget for next year and even needs to invest less money
because of the prior years’ savings.

Thomas Budget Management in the 1st Half of the Year:

Thomas
Purchases
1,000 ATD
Tokens

500
Dining
Tokens

200
Tokens
Left

300
Parties
Tokens

0
Tokens
Left

200
GYM
Tokens

0
Tokens
Left

200
Savings
Tokens

Thomas Budget Management in the Second Half of the Year:

Thomas
Purchases
1,000 ATD
Tokens

300
Dining
Tokens

0
Tokens
Left

400
Parties
Tokens

0
Tokens
Left

200
GYM
Tokens

0
Tokens
Left

100 Tokens
for Savings

300 Total
Savings

Atidium as a Socio-economic Network

23 23

Once you understand how the application helps you be financially sound, let's see how it can strengthen your
social connections!
With the many features of Atidium’s smart application, you can open an internal social network with people of
your choosing. Since you can send ATD currency to another user and only allow it to be consumed according to
the conditions you set, you are immediately the CEO of your social network!
What conditions you can set:
* You can set a goal for how the recipient can use tokens.
* You can set up when the tokens will be valid, just like a coupon.
* You can condition the use of tokens according to the tasks the recipient will be given.
You can also open a shared wallet with several users, each of whom will transfer tokens to it. This will
make it easier to raise funds for a house committee, a class, or a gift for another.
The app combines gamification and ratings to encourage the recipient of the token to use it as you set it. If the
recipient is successful, he will get a gold star. If a recipient is unsuccessful he will get a black star for failure.

Use Case #2 - Original Birthday Present
Shivam and Nitin, 32, New Delhi

Shivam purchased 100 ATD tokens and sent them to his good friend Nitin
in honor of his birthday.
Shivam defined that 20 tokens are to be saved for 1 year. He also defined
that Nitin will only be allowed to spend the other 80 tokens during specific dates
throughout the year.
In addition, Shivam defined that Nitin may only use the 80 tokens for the purpose
of enjoying time with his lovely wife, who he hasn’t been spending much time with lately,
before a specific date.
Nitin chose to honor the defined terms and took his wife to dinner within the expected timeframe.
Shivam then awarded Nitin with a gold star.
At the end of the year, after the 20 ATD tokens were released from the savings at a higher value, Nitin bought
himself a new shirt. All parties were satisfied and Nitin enjoyed the original and thoughtful gift from Shivam!
Scenario #1: Nitin honored the defined terms and therefore received all the tokens + Gold star

1st Condition:
20 Tokens Locked
for 1 Year. Saving.

Shivam

Conditions Met.
Used 100 Tokens +
Gold star Award

Nitin

2nd Condition:
Use Tokens by June
30th 2018.
3rd Condition:
80 Tokens to
Spend Time with
The Lovely Wife

Scenario #2: Nitin did not honor the defined terms by not taking his wife out before the deadline
and therefore received a black star + the 20 tokens which Shivam had defined as saving for a year.
The other 80 tokens, which were kept on the network, were returned to Shivam.

1st Condition:
20 Tokens Locked
for 1 Year. Saving.

Shivam

2nd Condition:
Use Tokens by June
30th 2018.

80 Tokens
Returned to
Shivam

3rd Condition:
80 Tokens to Spend Time with
The Lovely Wife

20 Tokens
Received

Nitin

24
24

Use Case #3 - Friends Vacation Plan

25
25

Haruhi, Kaya and Yei, 26, Tokyo

The three friends had been discussing taking a vacation together for many years without success. They
decided to do something different this year and use Atidium so there would be no room for excuses.
They opened a shared wallet and each of them transferred 1000 tokens from their own wallet.
They determined that they could use ATD tokens only for vacation purposes and only within 8 months.
While the tokens remained in the wallet they accumulated interest and increased the mutual fund until the
day they chose to use them.
After the vacation, 250 tokens remained in the wallet, and they chose to leave them there for their next vacation.

1,000
Tokens

2,750 Token
Were Used in
Vacation

3000
Tokens
1,000
Tokens

1,000
Tokens

Tokens Are Locked for
Vacation Purposes Only
Token Expiration Date
is set for 8 Months

250 Tokens Left in
Shared Wallet for Reuse

Atidium as a Financial Education
Tool for Your Children

26
26

The NFEC (Council Educators Financial National) conducted a test that examined the level of
awareness that U.S. residents had of their financial assets.
The test was conducted on a group of more than 50 thousand people of different ages, from 50
different countries.
The results of the younger generation were bleak:
Ages 14-10 - Only 38.26% passed the test, with an average score of 54.
Ages 15-18 - Only 22.39% passed the test, with an average score of 60.
Today, more than ever, we at Atidium believe that an integral part of our children's education is
knowing How to manage their money right.
As we explained earlier, it is easier than ever to spend money on luxuries and things that we do not
really need. The younger someone is, the less control they possess over their own instincts.
The Atidium application can help you provide a good financial education for your children
through a variety of unique features which can be edited according to your needs and your
worldview for your children's education.
On the next page, we will expand upon the features and bring forth examples accompanied by
infographics.

27

Examples of Use for Financial Education of Children
27
The application will allow you to define a smart contract that sends your child tokens
according to his grades in the school. You can also set up a smart contract that will
send your child tokens according to other tasks you assign to him, such as taking the
dog for a walk, washing the dishes, babysitting a younger sibling etc.

Use Case #4 - Educational Missions and Rewards
Task Reward:
50 ATD Tokens
Dennis Got A+
in Biology Test
Dennis Made
His Homework

Task Reward:
50 ATD Tokens

Danny Take
the Dog Out
Task Failed: 50 ATD Tokens
back to the parent

* The application will allow you to send tokens to your children and set where they can use them.
When you do so, you can rest assured that your children are only spending their allowance in places that you
have approved of and under certain conditions, if desired.
* Once your children have the tokens in their digital wallet, They will help the security of the Atidium network (DelegatedProof of Stake) and also learn how to save money.
If your child needs additional pocket money and is currently in the store, you can easily send them allowance through the
app with a touch of a button. You can reject their request as well.
* Your children will be able to track their expenses and savings using the statistics in the application.

Dennis’s
Application
Screen

Balance

Notification

10 ATD

Dennis is
requesting 50
ATD Tokens

$10

Request
Tokens

Accept

Reject

Parent's
Application
Screen

,

28

28
Use Case #5 – Supporting Your Student Son

John is supporting his dear son Michael while he is going to college, and gives him a monthly
allowance budget. John only allows the allowance to be used to buy food at the college cafeteria, rent
at the dorms, and some spare cash.
John is using Atidium to manage his own day to day budget. Michael asked for extra allowance for
food twice a month, and with a notification tip from the AI Budget Management Advisor, John decided
to add Michael to his Atidium Network and give Michael allowance with specific colors.
This way John will be able to pre-condition the tokens to where they can be used before he sends
them to Michael.
Thanks to Atidium John can know his dear son Michael is eating and sleeping well.

John

50% can be used
only for rent
40% can be used
only for food
10% can be
used in any ATM

Michael

Atidium as a Business Solution

29
29

Using Atidium as a method of payment and expense tracking is the perfect
solution for businesses as well as local or international organizations.
Our payment method, paints the tokens and sets a designation and expiration
date. This helps the organization plan and track its budget in real time.
The employees also benefit from the system, because they have the ability to
comfortably track their expenses, as well as take advantage of tokens that
they did not use.
This is an option that does not exist as a payment method today.
The employee's ability to refinance funds that they did not use will improve
their conduct.
This will also save the employee some of the money he received, which will
improve the company's overall morale.
In addition, Atidium provides the possibility for any business to create a wide
range of smart contracts that will make it significantly easier to manage current
payments.

Use Case #6 – Employee Expenses
Step 1.
Company sends monthly
budget colored tokens to
employee’s Atidium digital
wallet.

30

Step 2.
* Employee can returns unused painted tokens to the company and can
choose between receiving a regular ATD tokens or different color tokens.
* The conversion can be done only by company and involve pre-defined
fees (Defined by the company).
In the end
of the month,
the employee
still has 200
green tokens
1,500 green tokens
intended for food
1,000 red tokens for gas
100 blue tokens for
professional wear

The employee
used ALL red
tokens

Employee
used ALL
blue tokens

Roadmap

31

December 2017
The idea of a unique simple blockchain solution,
budget management & payment tool for
everyone including businesses, families, friends
and traders was conceived and Atidium is born.

June 2018

February 2018
Decision on the EOS blockchain as our new ground for
development and deployment of the Atidium Network

The Atidium Network is publicly announced.
The Atidium Token (ATD) Airdrop launches.
The ATD cryptocurrency is born.

September 2018
December 2018

The beginning of the Atidium DApp testing with our
alpha version - ‘Clementine’.

Implementation of the AI Budget Advisor.
The AI Budget Advisor is a unique tool, developed by
Atidium Dev Team that will learn our spending\earning
behavior and will give us daily tips and missions.

January 2019
Implementation of other Atidium features as shared
wallet, immediately allowance transfer between
parents to children and the reward system.

February 2019
Beta launch for testers of the Atidium core network
and DApp. Open-Source code is released.

March 2019
June 2019
Our focus will be now on the business sector.
We're implementing Atidium Network API by
improving the workspace environment for our
business partners, we want to make sure our
product is being adopted seamlessly and growing
naturally, it will be based on user-feedback and
will lead to the release of our Atidium API Suite v1.

Official launch of the Atidium network full version DApp.

June 2020
Atidium is now completely Open-Source Decentralized
Payment and Budget Application.

Airdrop

32
32

The airdrop will be done to all EOS addresses holding EOS in
a ratio of 1:1
Exchanges will be added slowly.
This is done in order to ensure an organic growth in the ATD tokens
value - limiting the risk of price manipulation by any participant.

Total Token Supply (ATD)
1,500,000,000 ATD Tokens

Airdrop:
900,000,000 ATD Tokens

Development & Marketing:
300,000,000 ATD Tokens

Team:
300,000,000 ATD Tokens

Snapshot Date:
Genesis Snapshot

Airdrop Date:
June 28th 2018

Token Distribution Model

20%
)300,000,000(
Team

20%

60%
)900,000,000(

)300,000,000(

Tokens Will Be
Airdropped to EOS
token holders

Development
& Marketing

10% 10%

20%

Utility

Human
Resources

20%

33

34

Frequently Asked Questions
What is an Airdrop?
An airdrop for a cryptocurrency is a procedure of distributing tokens by awarding them to
existing holders of a particular blockchain currency, such as EOS, Bitcoin or Ethereum.
What is Atidium?
Atidium is a Payment & Budget Management Decentralized Application, Maximizing the
Benefits of the Blockchain. To keep the four set rules, (Setting goals, managing and
monitoring, saving for the future, education and training) the app will act as a personal
account manager for the user, and will offer many features that will ease the user through
the process.
When does the airdrop snapshot will be taken?
Genesis Snapshot
Do I need a special wallet for the tokens?
ATD Tokens can be stored on the Atidium mobile app as well as ATD is an EOS Token and can
be help in the EOS platform and specific EOS exchanges.
Is there a bounty of affiliate program?
YES.
Ongoing bounty for a year.
Can I work for Atidium?
Yes. Atidium is constantly hiring, expanding and improving. Please send us an email with your
information to contact@atidium.io
What problem are you solving?
Most people, organizations and companies have had difficulty managing money and
controlling their budget. The reason for this is first and foremost related to our DNA - we
often tend to be overwhelmed by our instincts instead of our actual needs. These days it is
easier than ever for us to waste money that we cannot afford to waste.

35

How are you planning to solve this problem?
We provide great solutions for both the private sector and the business sector, The tokens on
the Atidium network will be managed by a unique application that we have will develop.
The app will allow anyone, any organization, or business to manage and spend money in a
smart way.

When I will get my tokens?
The ATD tokens will airdrop automatically, with no further action needs to be done by EOS
token holder, to your EOS wallet in June 28th, 2018 in a ratio on 1:1

When will the application be released?
In Q3 2018 we will release our Official Android App including The AI Budget Advisor. Shortly
after The Atidium dev team will also launch the official iOS application.

What is the supply limit of ATD tokens?
Total Supply is 1,500,000,000 ATD Tokens. 900,000,000 will be airdropped to EOS token
holder, 300,000,000 are reserved for development and marketing, 300,000,000 team.
How can I participate in airdrop?
The tokens will be sent to all EOS token holders in a ratio of 1:1 for free with no action
needed by the holder.
In which countries can you use Atidium?
You can use Atidium in any country in the world where the internet is available.

36

Sources
Page 10 “Forbes” article about Millenials.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/larissafaw/2012/05/18/why-millennials-arespending-more-than-they-earn/#788ef48f5ddc
Page 10 “Economist” research about real estate prices rise.
https://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2017/03/daily-chart-6
Page 10 “Jama” research about medical prices rising.
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/2661699?resultClick=24
Page 10 “Bussiness Insider” research about high tax prices.
http://www.businessinsider.com/wef-27-countries-with-the-highest-tax-rates-inthe-world-2016-2
Page 10 “Moore’s Law” reference
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moore%27s_law
Page 26 “NFEC” research about correct financial education for Millenials.
https://www.financialeducatorscouncil.org/financial-literacy-test

37
37

Want To Be A Part Of The New World?

2017

2020

Blockchain’s

2009

1999

Internet’s
Worldwide
Invention of the
Adoption

1994

Internet’s
Worldwide
Recognition

1969
Invention
of the
Internet

Blockchain
Technology

Worldwide

Recognition

Blockchain’s
Worldwide
Adoption

Join us now!

www.atidium.io
contact@atidium.io

t.me/atidium

facebook.com/atidium

