Aurora Chain White Paper

Abstract
Aurora Chain applies DPOS+BFT consensus mechanisms and
contracts with “speed of light” operation rate to link industries such as
games, big data, AI and IoT. Aurora Chain’s slogan is to build a
wonderful and colorful Blockchain world shining like aurora. Aurora
Chain offers intelligent application isolation and enables multi-chain
parallel expansion to create an extremely high TPS with security
maintain. In this way, Aurora Chain ushers in a breakthrough into the
Blockchain world.
To accomplish this mission, Aurora Chain has developed a number of
techniques: DPOS+BFT consensus mechanisms can lower the risks of
forking based on fast-working consensus mechanisms; P2P Stereo-net
enables fast and secure communications by network layering; proprietary
application isolation and Pending Zone intelligent regulation ensures that
no inter-effects happen between the applications; multi-chain parallel
operation and horizontal expansion enable unlimited increase of TPS;
multi-asset launching simplifies the procedure of asset launching and
provides high processing speed and the capability to expand to same level
as the main chain coins; upgradable blockchain supports automatic
upgrading; cluster self-grouping technology enables verification of
transactions and downsizes users’ costs of data storage.
Aurora Chain commits itself to increasing operation speed and to
create a blockchain technology born for applications. It does so by
providing a solution to many common blockchain difficulties. Aurora
Chain will help link all industries, promote the creation of applications,
and build a colorful Blockchain world!

Content
Chapter One

Background Information of Aurora Chain

Blockchain is a new distributed-infrastructure and computingparadigm. It uses the block-chain data structure to verify and store data,
the distributed-node-consensus algorithm to generate and upgrade data,
cryptography to safeguard the process of data transmission and data
access and smart contracts, consisting of automated scripts to write codes
and process data.
Blockchain symbolizes a beginning of reliable Internet environment.
Blockchain is attractive for trust can be built peer to peer on the network,
making the value-transmission process transparent and confidential
without intervention from intermediaries. This mechanism is codetermined but it can also protect individual rights, making the value
exchange more efficient and less costly.
Chapter Two The Mission of Aurora Chain
Aurora Chain holds the mission of creating lightning fast contracts
and facilitating the easy creation of applications on the blockchain.
Our central goals are as follows:
Focus on incorporating Blockchain into other industries
For now, Blockchain is most commonly used for digital asset
offering. What Aurora Chain creates enables in-depth collaboration with
other industries. Aurora Chain strives to allow businesses embed
applications and rules into the Blockchain. Aurora Chain is born for
applications, supports implementation of applications and can link
disparate industries.
Focus on making the perfect smart contract
The smart contract is indispensable to incorporate Blockchain into
other industries. How supportive a public chain is to contracts is closely
related to how closely Blockchain is combined with other industries.
Only contracts with an abundant underlayer, a high level of freedom and
transparent code can meet the needs of different industries.

Focus on boosting the speed
People have long been criticizing that the transaction
throughput（TPS）of many Blockchains hinders it from being combined
with other industries. To allay this concern, Aurora Chain is focused on
boosting the speed of transaction processing.
Focus on solving blockchain difficulties
Aurora Chain commits itself in building upgradable blockchain and
realizing automatic upgrading in designated height. Meanwhile, with
cluster self-grouping technology, Aurora Chain is able to reduce users’
data storage costs. Aurora Chain offers resolution to difficulties when
implementing blockchain technology in applications and speeds up the
construction of blockchain ecology.
Ensure immediate application
Aurora Chain places emphasis on the combination of ideal and reality,
the co-existence of efficiency and practicality. Aurora Chain enables indepth incorporation with various types of applications to speed up the
implementation of blockchain applications.
Chapter Three

Technical Realization of Aurora Chain

The DPOS plus BFT consensus mechanisms
1.1 DPOS
Due to high transaction speed and high TPS of DPOS consensus
mechanism, more and more blockchain projects are using
DPOS（Delegated Proof of Stake） consensus mechanism. Aurora
Chain also uses the DPOS mechanism.
When AOA balance of an account is higher than 5 million AOAs, the
account can apply for the candidacy of AOA proxy; when AOA balance
of a proxy candidate is lower than 5 million AOAs, its candidacy will be
automatically disqualified; every address with balance of AOAs is
qualified to vote for proxy candidacy and the top 101 candidates with the
largest number of votes can automatically become the proxy nodes for
packing transactions; Every address can only vote for each candidate
once with maximum quotas of 101 votes. With one vote, 1 AOA needs to
be locked till the end of voting.
1.2 BFT (Byzantine Fault Tolerance)

1）Adding BFT to DPOS can effectively avoid forks. Speed is
greatly increased since there’s no need waiting for N confirmation
numbers after the block generation.
2）Aurora Chain builds up a stereoscopic P2P network where there is
a broadcasting network among nodes based on UDP and a long
connection among proxy candidates based on TCP. Through the upper
network, a high-speed BFT consensus system can also be realized among
proxy candidates.
3）A proxy ROOT tree is added to the head of each block to record
its status and to boost the speed of verification.
The smart contract
Nick Szabo, a cross-field law scholar, defines the smart contract as a
set of digital promises and protocols based on which shareholders keep
these promises.
The smart contract is a program running on the Blockchain database
used to process information and to get and send values.
Aurora Chain applies EVM virtual machine and Solidity developing
languages to write smart contracts. In the future, Aurora Chain will
support smart contracts based on Java, Go, and C++ among others.
P2P Stereo-net
A broadcasting network is built among different nodes. Proxy
candidates can build up direct connection through the upper layer
network which enables that BFT mechanism between proxies could be
realized quickly. With network layering, we can achieve faster and safer
communication.
Intelligent application isolation technology
Verified transactions will be processed in the Pending Zone. Proxy
nodes pack transactions in the Pending Zone until let out.
Major functions of the smart scheduling pending area are as follows:
1. From a macroscopic view, it distinguishes contracts with different
fees, flows and categories. It also takes a dynamic control of
transaction’s entering the Blockchain to make sure the process is fair
and that clog of some contracts won’t affect others.
2. From a microscopic view, it can monitor each contract in real time
and make adjustments according to the real situation. It makes
Blockchain more efficient and protects it from outside attacks.

Multi-asset offering
Procedure of asset offering can be simplified, with provision of
processing speed and capability of expansion with the same level as main
chain coins. The standard token offering procedure offers includes
simplified and regulated token offering methods and procedures. With
multi-asset token offerings, tokens can be used in the contracts directly
and there is no need for introduction of other contracts.
The multi-chain parallel technology
The multi-chain structure makes transaction process more efficient
than the single-chain structure for the latter is restricted by encryption
algorithms and online transmissions. The stereoscopic P2P network can
realize a cross-chain consensus system and increase TPS. Therefore, the
ability of Blockchain can be infinitely increased as the number of chains
increases.
The upgradable Blockchain
It’s hard to upgrade Blockchain after it has been released except when
a compulsory fork is applied at the expense of impeding the development
of Blockchain. But with the LLVM compiler, Blockchain code and
contract scripts will be put together. All clients will upgrade together after
the upgraded Blockchain is placed on the old version at a specific link.
Cluster self-grouping
When any node turns on self-grouping function, certain nodes in the
network will form up a cluster combination which can participate in
transaction verification and storage to reduce users’ data storage costs. By
helping others with transaction verification, users will receive an extra
bonus, which resembles a mining mechanism.
The anti-quantum-attack technology
The quantum calculation has a nature of concurrency due to the
special characteristic of quantum information. For instance, when a
quantum computer is processing an n-quantum-bit data, it is actually
dealing with 2n data status. Due to their concurrency, quantum computers
can solve problems not able to be solved by electronic computers.
Therefore, the security of the current public-key system based on the

complexity of calculation is challenged by the powerful computing ability
of quantum computers.
Two most common quantum algorithms used to decode are the
Grover algorithm and the Shor algorithm. The Grover algorithm can cut
length of the key by half while the Shor algorithm can attack common
key agreements such as RSA, EIGamal, ECC and DH. Therefore, it’s no
longer secure to take RSA, EIGamal, ECC and DH as an encipher under
the environment of quantum calculation.
Internationally, researches on the anti-quantum cryptography mainly
focuses on the lattice-based cryptography, the code-based cryptography,
the multivariate cryptography and the hash-based signatures
cryptography.
The central problem of the lattice-based cryptography is the Shortest
Vector Problem(SVP), that is to find the shortest non-void vector in the
lattice system. Up to now, no quantum algorithm can decode the latticebased cipher which is secure even under the worst condition. Out of a
safety concern, Aurora Chain applies the lattice-based cryptography to
cope with potential quantum attacks.
The cross-chain communications
Currently, it’s still impossible for block chains are to communicate
with each other. The isolation prevents different block chains from
working together and impedes their development. Aurora Chain,
however, supports a cross-chain communication protocol and other crosschain technologies to ensure an unrestricted value-network.
The differentiated mining mechanism
On the Bitcoin network, mining nodes pack transaction records
independently into new blocks through the
workload management approach and get Bitcoins as a reward. The core
of mining is to reward community members according to their
contributions and therefore to encourage their participation.
Aurora Chain gives rewards to anything making contributions to the
community such as upgrading the code, finding bugs, giving optimizing
suggestions and spreading knowledge as long as they are recognized by
the community members. The mining system won’t be written into the
Blockchain in the beginning. Instead, it will be tested and optimized in
the community until the rules are finalized to maximize incentives.
The AOA Token and commission

AOA serves as the token to ensure Aurora Chain’s proper
functionality. Normally the commission rate of AOA is only 0.0001
except when it surges to protect the system from attacks.
The total volume of issuance of AOA tokens is 10 billion, among
which 26% is for early community members, 34% for investors and
partners and 40% for Aurora Foundation with purposes of use for daily
operation, rewards for core team members and community developers as
well as eco-system creation.
Chapter Four

Background for Application of Aurora Chain

Application in the game industry
1.1 Blockchainization of the game tokens
Blockchain tokens are used in games for production, transaction and
account settlement. They can be transformed in different games. In this
open economic system, owners take a complete control of their tokens.
1.2 Blockchainization of the game data
Game props, characters and equipment are all defined by tokens.
Tokens represent ownership so players can trade outside the games.
Blockchainization of game characters and equipment brings a revolution
to games. Therefore, it’s necessary that game developers, operators and
publishers redefine their own positions in games as a response to the
change. Games will finally be community-based where rules of
producing and consuming the equipment are co-determined by players
and developers. Under this condition, games will grow more popular and
have an extended life span.
1.3 Blockchainization of game rules
Blockchainization of game rules ensures a transparent production of
game props and equipment that game developers or operators can not
change. The sheer transparency attracts a lot of game players but also
brings about challenges to game developers.
Application for the Internet of Things
The current Internet of Things system depends on a centralized
network management architecture where all devices are connected
through a cloud server. But in a decentralized Internet of Things system,
Blockchain can create a basic framework to facilitate the transaction and
cooperation of devices. Each device on the network functions as an
independent, micro business entity.

Application in high-tech areas such as AI and Astronautics
In high-tech areas such as AI and astronautics, it’s always a difficulty
to balance the data security and the data synergy. The currently adopted
centralized data network has problems collaborating across a cross-area
system and a multi-node system. At the same time, collaboration among
different data network systems is also not fully realized. Blockchain
could be create a technological revolution for the IoT area.
Application in the Supply Chain Industry
Blockchain data is transparent and is shared by all parties. It forms a
complete, fluent data flow on the whole service chain to make sure
problems can be found and solved in time. Therefore, it can make the
service chain management more efficient.
Chapter Five Roadmap of Aurora Chain
2018.3 Aurora Chain comes online and simultaneously opens the
platform for smart contracts.
2018.5 We upgrade the intelligent application isolation technology and
the Stereo-net, further improving security and operation speed.
2018.12 We complete a matured development of multi-chain parallel
operation services, cluster grouping technology and upgradable
blockchain technology, implementing cooperation between 30
applications.
2019 and beyond Realizing anti-quantum attacks and a Blockchain world
that is more secure and faster. In effect, a more colorful blockchain world
is created.
Chapter Six

Website & Contact Information

Website: www.aurorachain.io
Email: official@aurorachain.io

