Table of contents
Table of contents

1

1 Problem
1.1 Industry Overview
1.2 The Current System is Broken
1.3 Existing Solutions
1.3.1 Technology
1.3.2 Legislation
1.3.3 Self-regulation
1.4 Conclusion

2
2
4
5
5
6
7
8

2 The Aventus Solution
2.1 Overview
2.2 The Aventus Ecosystem
2.2.1 The Ethereum Blockchain
2.2.2. The Aventus Protocol
2.2.3. The Service Layer
2.2.4 The Application Layer
2.3 Use Cases
2.4 Utility Token Mechanics
2.4.1 Purpose
2.3.2 Mechanics

8
8
9
10
11
11
11
12
14
14
15

3 Solution Architecture: Future Vision
3.1 Aventus Registry
3.1.1 Legitimate third party applications using the Protocol
3.1.2 Non-fraudulent events within the Protocol
3.1.3 Algorithmic parameters
3.2 Event
3.3 Ticket Sales
3.3.1 Secondary Market
3.4 Promotion
3.5 Market Price Oracle

16
16
16
17
17
17
18
19
19
20

4 Solution Architecture: Beta Release (June 2018)
4.1 Aventus Registry
4.1.1 Legitimate third party applications using the Protocol
4.1.2 Non-fraudulent events within the Protocol
4.1.3 System parameters
4.2 Event
4.3 Ticket Sales
4.3.1 Secondary Market

20
21
21
21
21
21
22
22

4.4 Promotion
4.5 Market Price Oracle

22
22

5 Roadmap
5.1 The Story So Far
5.2 Looking to the Future
5.2.1 AventusJS
5.2.2 Scalability Tools
5.2.3 Aventus Block Explorer
5.2.4 ÐApps Application Layer
5.2.5 Third-party B2B Application Layer

23
23
23
24
24
25
25
25

References

26

1 Problem
1.1 Industry Overview
Tickets for entertainment events are typically available for consumers to buy via
numerous sales channels. The ticketing industry defines three high level categories of
seller: ticket retailers (usually the event organiser with direct responsibility for an event:
for example a venue, promoter or club, selling tickets directly to consumers); primary
ticket agents (appointed by an event organiser to sell tickets to consumers on their
behalf); and ticket resellers (who source tickets from retailers, agents and other resellers
to sell to consumers). A ticket sold for the first time is a primary ticket sale. A ticket
resold by an individual, secondary agent, broker or other party is a secondary ticket sale
(though the term “secondary” is misleading, as a ticket may theoretically have passed
through any number of hands before it reaches the person who actually attends the
event).

Globally, the ticketing landscape is complex and fragmented. Not only does it depend
upon multiple interactions within the ticketing ecosystem (event organisers, venues,
promoters, bookers, primary and secondary agents), but standard practice between
these parties differs between geographies. For example, in the US, venues typically
control the inventory for an event. In Europe the promoter typically controls the
inventory. In the UK, exclusivity is rare, with ticketing inventory split between the venue
and the promoter, who each have their own preferred agent(s). Practices also differ
dependent upon event type: for example, sporting teams often own the venue.
Within the primary market, inventory rights holders typically control the ticket price,
revenue-splits and methods of ticket sale distribution (e.g. to select groups via third
parties, with certain promoters or through certain outlets like TicketMaster) [1]. Pricing of
tickets within the primary market takes place in a variety of ways, including at fixed
value, in an open auction, or using dynamic pricing based on demand on a per-seat
basis[1]. In the primary market, tickets are often sold at below market value, for a variety
of reasons: for example, so that artists can increase customer loyalty and prioritise fan
experiences, or because event organisers and promoters prioritise revenue through inevent advertising and merchandise sales [2].
The secondary market exists to facilitate the resale of tickets originally purchased on the
primary market, allowing buyers and sellers to come together in order to transact, often
via a resale marketplace. While often pilloried by the media and consumer watchdogs,
the secondary market fulfils a necessary function by enabling greater consumer choice.
Indeed, in his 2016 UK government-led review of the secondary market, Professor
Michael Waterson concluded that “consumers and the economy benefit in various ways
from the existence of a well-functioning secondary ticket market. [1]”
Ticket pricing is far more demand-driven on secondary platforms than on primary
platforms, with tickets finding their own market value. Unsurprisingly though, pricing
dynamics within the primary market directly affect the volume and transactional-value
in the secondary market. Secondary platforms profit by taking a percentage of
secondary sales, typically at around 25-30% [1]: this, allied with the high market value
for ‘big ticket’ items, means that secondary platforms enjoy higher revenue margins per
ticket than primary platforms.
To take advantage of the additional revenue available from reselling tickets, there is a
growing trend for primary agencies to launch their own affiliated secondary markets (for
example, Ticketmaster’s GetMeIn [3]), further complicating the already fragmented
ticketing landscape. Primary agents with their own secondary platform (or with their
platform integrated with an existing resale platform), can deliver greater control and
transparency over ticketing transactions – as well as allowing them to benefit from a
proportion of resale revenues.

1.2 The Current System is Broken
Event organisers, artists and managers often price tickets at below market-value to
maximise fan attendance, increase customer loyalty and earn more revenue from inevent sales [2]. As a consequence, large economic potential exists for the formation of
secondary markets, with resellers making large profits by pricing tickets at closer to ‘real‘
market-value [1]. However, ticketing rights-holders in the primary market have very
limited control over inventory sales in secondary markets. This means artists, organisers
and primary ticketing agents cannot control who can resell their inventory and how they
can sell it, enforce minimum or maximum price caps, or derive any revenue from these
secondary sales.
The unregulated nature of secondary markets opens up potential for industry
malpractice, unethical touting behaviours and other bad actors [1]. Secondary platforms
are consequently prone to being pervaded by fraudulent counterfeits, duplicate tickets
that have been already used or sold, or tickets that have been bulk-purchased by touts
and re-listed at extortionate prices [4].
Touts regularly circumvent platform terms & conditions by employing software
programmes known as “bots” to automate bulk purchase of tickets, which are then listed
across multiple secondary sites (often at inflated prices, averaging 49% above their
face-value in the primary market, but with some margins exceeding 1000%) [8].
According to TicketMaster, such purchases contribute to around 60% of sales to popular
shows [6]. Listing on multiple secondary sites can lead to the same ticket being
purchased multiple times on different secondary sites (as duplicate or counterfeit tickets)
[8]. The Telegraph has estimated that Britons squandered over £5 million on counterfeit
tickets in 2015 [9].
In some cases, touts engage in “speculative buying”: a practice which consists of
automatically reserving tickets in bulk on primary sites. As the secondary seller does not
yet technically ‘own’ the ticket, the ticket may be released back into the primary
inventory pool before the secondary purchaser has completed their purchase – leading
to inability for secondary sellers to fulfil sales.
Bulk purchase of tickets by bots has the result that popular events can appear to sell-out
on primary sites in minutes [6]. Primary market platforms earn initial revenue from each
primary ticket sale, so these platforms maximise their revenue by maximising the
number of tickets sold. This means these platforms are positively incentivised to not
prevent the use of bots to bulk-purchase tickets. There are also extra benefits for
promoters, who may use primary sales to gauge overall consumer demand for events in
order to make decisions about extending tours or adding extra event dates.
While the practice of speculative buying and bulk purchase consumes the economic
potential created by the pricing inefficiencies within the primary market, it is felt by
many to be fundamentally unfair on fans and audiences. This phenomenon prevents

price-sensitive fans from attending an event and causes regular fans to pay higher-thanintended prices for tickets, resulting in customer dissatisfaction and poor brand publicity
for the artist, club or venue [7].
The complex and fragmented nature of the ticketing landscape means that lines
between markets are blurred, resulting in consumer confusion. Research has shown that
consumers fail to differentiate between primary and secondary markets; 1 in 4 customers
admit they do not know where they are buying their tickets from, be it primary,
secondary or even fraudulent outlets [1]. The often time-sensitive nature of many ticket
sales often compounds this issue, meaning consumers fail to interrogate purchasing
decisions fully due to a pressure to act quickly in order to secure a ticket.

1.3 Existing Solutions
Attempts to address these key challenges (improving consumer experience through
tackling unethical behaviours, and improving rights-holder and primary seller controls
over secondary markets), are generally being made via three different routes:
technology, legislation and self-regulation. The overarching goal is to develop ways
which determine the legitimacy of tickets listed on secondary sites, in order to deliver
fairer practices and greater consumer confidence upon purchase.

1.3.1 Technology
Some primary markets such as Resident Advisor [11] or fan-to-fan transfer marketplaces
like Twickets [12] target extortionate pricing and unethical touting behaviour through
mechanisms which only allow the resale or other transfer of a ticket at its primary
market face-value or lower. Other platforms, such as Songkick1[13] and Dice.fm[14], have
developed data-driven techniques to distinguish touts at the point-of-purchase and
identify tickets on secondary market websites. Dice.fm prevents resale of its tickets
altogether.
Unfortunately, these technological methods fall short of solving the challenges
previously outlined:
● Outright prevention of ticket resale removes consumer choice, preventing genuine
fans who for legitimate reasons cannot attend the given event from reselling their
tickets;
● Mandating that resales are only permitted to take place at face-value or less
creates incentives for black-market activities (for example, additional offline
monetary transactions taking place on top of legitimate online transactions);
● Identification of touts using machine-learning techniques is a losing battle, as
scalpers have a vested interested in keeping ahead of current algorithmic
techniques and changing their behaviour accordingly.
1

Songkick’s ticketing commerce platform and anti-scalping algorithm were acquired by Live
Nation in January 2018 [15]

More effective than the above technologies are solutions which focus on platform
integration and creating visibility across inventory. For example, Eventim’s secondary
market, FanSale, offers a Ticketcheck functionality [16] which allows consumers to
confirm the legitimacy of a ticket being resold via its Eventim barcode. For obvious
reasons, primary platforms who run their own secondary markets have the most success
with this technique; however, drawbacks remain due to the siloed nature of the ticketing
industry, with no standardised method of checking a ticket’s legitimacy.

1.3.2 Legislation
Authorities have recognised unfair practices within the secondary market, with some
countries – including France and Italy – outlawing touting altogether [17]. Consumer
watchdogs the world over are warning against unethical behaviours facilitated
secondary platforms, with The UK’s Advertising Standards Agency (ASA) [18], Australia’s
Competition and Consumer Commission [19], New Zealand’s Consumer NZ [20] and Ireland’s
Advertising Standards Authority [21] conducting investigations in the last year alone.
In the UK the reselling of tickets to football matches [22] without the permission of the
relevant club is illegal, and use of automated technologies to bulk-buy tickets was
outlawed by the UK government in January 2018. As of April 2018, secondary platforms
must also include the unique ticket number (UTN) allocated to a ticket by the primary
agent in any resale listings [23].
Fundamentally, however, it is very difficult to control or constrain black-markets: despite
football clubs maintaining authorised-reseller lists, tickets still regularly appear on
unofficial platforms. At sports matches and concerts globally, black-market sales
continue to occur (often immediately outside of the venue itself [18]).
Within the US, legislative controls are determined on a state-by-state basis. This has
limited impact, though, as many resellers exploit loopholes by selling tickets in the
nearest state where the practice is legal. For example, the majority of brokers operating
in New York – where use of ticketing bots has carried a hefty fine since 2016 – have
registered offices in New Jersey and Connecticut. Industry supporters of such laws
acknowledge their constraints, with Jeffrey Seller (lead producer of Hamilton on
Broadway) stating, “Is it imperfect? Of course. Is it better than nothing? You bet.” [24]
In the UK, the West End production of Hamilton has taken a different approach by
introducing an entirely paperless ticketing system. [25]

1.3.3 Self-regulation
With growing pressure from fans, consumer watchdogs and artists themselves, many
secondary platforms are investing in self-regulatory endeavours in order to rehabilitate
negative views of the secondary market and help restore consumer confidence.

Many secondary platforms have put guarantees in place to protect consumers by
offering replacements for tickets that do not arrive or refunds on fraudulent tickets [1].
However, while providing a refunding on ticket that is void on the door offers some
degree of recompense, it does not protect attendees from extra costs incurred (such as
travel, accommodation, time, and disappointment).
Large artists (such as Ed Sheeran, Adele and Taylor Swift [26]) are actively working to
raise anti-touting awareness and circumvent damaging behaviours, trialling a range of
methods to prevent touting. While this approach can be immediately effective for large
artists with a lot of clout who have the will and resources to go the extra mile on behalf
of their fans, fraudulent ticketing and unethical touting practices continue to harm
smaller artists and their fans.
However, big-name awareness does serve to increase pressure upon secondary resellers;
for example, StubHub stated in March 2018 that they would support “any measures
which make ticket buying easier, more convenient and more transparent for fans” [27].
As a result, secondary platforms increasingly choose to commit to codes of ethics and
conduct [1]; for example, by becoming members of The Society of Ticket Agents and
Retailers (STAR), whose Code of Practice aims to set high standards for customer service
in the industry and provide an approved dispute resolution service. Other industry
consortiums have been founded with the express aim of promoting a culture of ethical
practice, including FanFair Alliance (made up of members of entertainment community
to lobby on behalf of consumers), and the newly-created Fair Ticketing Alliance (made
up of secondary ticketing brokers with the goal of rehabilitating the ticketing industry)
[28].
Criticisms are also levied against secondary platforms regarding their higher revenue
margins, which often mean they have the financial capability to invest more deeply in
online advertising spend (via SEO, SEM and targeted social media marketing) than
primary markets. In turn, this increased discoverability gives secondary agents greater
access to potential consumers, allowing them to out-compete primary markets in both
margins and visibility. This can contribute to the consumer’s lack of ability to
differentiate between primary, secondary and illegitimate sellers.
According to The FanFair Alliance, consumers have “three recurring complaints: they
were directed via Google advertising towards these sites, they thought they were
purchasing from an authorised seller, and they were misled on pricing” [29] Some
advertising channels and now taking steps to redress the balance, with Google cracking
down on language used within AdWords to increase transparency for consumers.
Secondary sites who imply they are a primary marketplace will be denied ‘certification’,
and therefore not permitted to leverage paid ads within the channel [30].

1.4 Conclusion
Since the challenges in the ticketing industry have not yet been comprehensively
addressed by technology, legislation, or self-regulation, stakeholders have
understandably become pessimistic as to whether the ticketing market will ever change
for the better [31].
● Event organisers and rights-holders need greater controls and internal
transparencies over the lifecycle of their ticketing inventory - including over how
and who can interact with their inventory as secondary sellers;
● Consumers are increasingly demanding a fairer and more positive experience,
with more transparency over who and how they are purchasing tickets, and less
chance of refused entry on the door due to fraudulent or duplicate tickets;
● Artists, managers and promoters need more say in how their inventory is priced
and how that pricing is perpetuated throughout the ticketing lifecycle, right up to
when it is presented by the ticket-holder for access to the event;
● Secondary ticketing platforms need to be better incentivised to act as ‘good
actors’ within the ticketing ecosystem, providing better consumer experience and
driving repeat custom.
We believe that the problems highlighted in this paper point to a need to re-build the
industry from the bottom-up, replacing the current, siloed, architecture to create a new,
fair, secure and transparent economic model under which event organisers and
inventory rights-holders would have greater control.

2 The Aventus Solution
2.1 Overview
The Aventus solution aims to remove siloes and create an open ticketing ecosystem
where all parties in the ticketing supply chain can work together with more control, more
internal operational transparency, and more security. It is designed as a modular toolset
which will enable ticketing organisations to exert more control over their inventory and
processes, engage more directly with other players within the supply chain and with
consumers, and explore new methods of monetisation.
This solution will be underpinned by the Aventus Protocol, a global open standard for the
exchange of tickets built upon the Ethereum blockchain, and the subject of this paper.
The Protocol is designed to support and facilitate events organisers and inventory
holders, giving them the tools to set controls around how their tickets are transacted and
resold. Through use of Ethereum smart contracts, the Protocol enables a secure and
controlled supply-chain that can eliminate counterfeiting and prioritises rights-holder
needs. The Aventus Protocol is open source and available for all developers to leverage
of build upon.
As tickets held on the blockchain each have a unique identifier, the Protocol facilitates
greater security, control, internal traceability and proof-of-ownership, making it possible
to track a particular tickets UTN as it travels through the supply-chain. It allows event
organisers to create, manage and promote their events and tickets with dramatically
reduced costs, even letting them set price controls and receive commissions on ticket
resales. Consumers within the ecosystem are rewarded for identifying fraudulent activity,
creating a self-governing community.
It is important to note that Aventus itself remains objective and agnostic when it comes
to the setting of parameters for ticket sale and resale, which are selected and set by
inventory holders to best fit their business models. Aventus does not own, sell or
distribute inventory, or dictate rules to players within the ecosystem.
To help bring blockchain ticketing to the consumer, the Aventus Protocol Foundation will
also work with, support and endorse the creation of B2B SaaS tool-sets, applications and
APIs created by third-party service providers, ticketing agencies and developers. These
services will provide a critical function in bridging the gap between the Protocol and the
existing tech stacks of traditional ticketing industry entities.

2.2 The Aventus Ecosystem
Despite the fact that the primary innovation discussed in this paper is the Protocol itself,
it is worth explaining wider Aventus ecosystem (as depicted in Figure 1) and how industry
players act within it (see 2.2.2).

Figure 1: The Aventus Ecosystem

2.2.1 The Ethereum Blockchain
Bitcoin is the most widely-known use-case for the blockchain: a network designed for
decentralised, peer-to-peer monetary transactions, with no need for a centralised
bank or intermediary.
Money has a distinct difference from assets such as media, documents, and message
content: ownership. Money can only be owned by one party at once (it cannot be
double-spent), and we need to track how it is moved between parties in order to
“prove” ownership. As a distributed, immutable (tamper-proof) ledger, blockchain
provides a solution to this: a single source of truth which allows all parties to see the
provenance and transaction history of each token of currency.

The Ethereum blockchain extends this functionality through digitally-enforceable
agreements – known as “smart contracts”.
These smart contracts can be applied to core business processes where security,
control, traceability and proof-of-ownership are necessities: in this case, within the
ticketing supply chain. That’s where the Aventus Protocol comes in.

2.2.2. The Aventus Protocol
The subject of this paper. The Aventus Protocol is open source, and provides a
backbone of interoperability which will lower barriers to entry for developers in the
ticketing industry.
This layer is entirely composed of Ethereum smart contracts that allow for the creation
and validation of events, the issuance, sale and distribution of tickets in primary and
secondary ticket markets (under parameters designed and customised by inventory
holders and event organisers), and the allocation of defined proportions of ticket sale
revenue and market/event fees between the event organisers, ticket promoters, artists,
secondary resellers, etc.

2.2.3. The Service Layer
Services built on top of the Aventus Protocol are designed to make using the
Protocol as efficient and accessible as possible, and will offer a potential source of
revenue for developers looking to build mainstream, blockchain-ready ticketing
applications. These services are expected to include scalability solutions,
integration with synergistic entertainment token environments, optimisation of
purchasing time through use of market-feed oracles, and interoperability
infrastructure such as SDKs and APIs.
As the Protocol itself is (and will remain) open source, this low barrier to entry will
guarantee a competitive services layer environment that will drive cost-efficiency
for ticketing agencies wishing to take advantage of the business benefits of the
Protocol. Agencies wishing to develop apps and services built upon the Protocol
can partner with third-party developers, existing third-party service providers in the
ecosystem, or utilise their own in-house technical resources to build direct-toProtocol apps.

2.2.4 The Application Layer
The Application Layer consists of end-user applications that build on top of the
Services and Protocol layers, making blockchain-based ticketing apps available
within a commercial environment for the entertainment industry and its consumers.
This will incorporate inventory management solutions, blockchain ticket wallets
and access control solutions, along with apps enabling the creation of promotional
schemes for encouraging more ticket sales. Aventus encourages and supports the
work of third party developers to create applications on top of the Service Layer.

2.3 Use Cases
Actors within the ecosystem:
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Ticketing retailers (primary agents, secondary agents)
Event organisers (venues, promoters, clubs, artists)
Consumers (ticket buyers)
Ticketing software providers
AVT holders
Aventus technical team
Third-party developers

The Aventus Protocol is designed to resolve the industry challenges highlighted
earlier in this paper, making ticketing processes more efficient and effective for all
parties in the supply chain.
1. Increased Control Over Inventory
The Aventus Protocol gives event organisers, inventory-holders and artists the
tools to set and enforce rules around how their tickets are transacted and
interacted with within the ticketing supply chain.
This includes setting of minimum and maximum price caps, whitelisting of
approved resellers, and even defining processes which entitle artists,
organisers and primary sellers to a proportion of secondary market resale
revenues.
●

Tickets have a unique identity associated with them on the blockchain;
usually a barcode or a QR code. The validation mechanism chosen is
determined by the event organiser, and added at the point of purchase in
the primary market. No personal data is ever held in clear text on the
blockchain; while identities linked to tickets are securely verifiable, any
personal data is obfuscated and encoded in a cryptographically-secure
manner, ensuring no sensitive information is ever publicly visible and that
the Protocol is fully compliant with General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR).

●

The identity associated with the relevant ticket will be checked upon entry
by Access Control and compared to the obfuscated data held on the
blockchain. Changes to identities associated with a ticket (thus changes to
the “owner” of the ticket) can only take place if the ticket is resold through
an approved secondary market and meets with the rules and controls
enforced by the event organiser or inventory-holder.

For artists actively trying to eliminate or restrict touting (for example Beyonce
and Jay-Z, Ed Sheeran, Stormzy), these controls give the promoter the ability
to outlaw resale of tickets altogether, or to set price caps that prevent
extortionate charges for fans. Actors wishing to explore new monetisation
opportunities can set up microtransactions that allow various entities in the

supply-chain (promoters, venues, artists, managers) to be allocated a
proportion of resale revenues from the secondary market.
2. Increased Security & Decreased Fraudulent Behaviour
The Aventus Protocol offers consumers a fairer and more positive experience
by enabling inventory holders to prohibit unauthorised resale on the
blockchain, thereby eliminating counterfeit or duplicate tickets and vastly
decreasing the possibility of fraudulent behaviour.
Should an event itself be fictitious or fraudulent, the economic model
underpinning the Aventus Protocol incentivises network participants to report it
as such, creating a self-governing ecosystem. The community of users of the
Aventus Protocol (or the ‘Aventus Community’) determines the legitimacy of an
event or a third-party seller using a decentralised consensus mechanism on the
blockchain.
Given the transparent nature of the blockchain, many of the oversight issues
discussed in Section 1.2. can be resolved. Consumers will be able to find a
validated list of outlets selling tickets on the blockchain, making it simpler for
them to differentiate between types of platform. Meanwhile, duplicate and
counterfeit tickets will be impossible within the Aventus ecosystem due to each
ticket’s unique identifier, and fraudulent behaviours will be vetted and rejected
by the Aventus community.
3. Increased Internal Transparency and Consumer Insight
The Aventus Protocol gives ticketing agents the tools to derive more internal
insight into the supply chain, allowing them to understand and target existing
consumers more effectively and to discover new audiences. By analyzing and
reporting on data held on the Protocol and combining this data with internallyheld consumer data-sets, agents can tell who bought tickets, how many times
each ticket was transacted, whether a ticket was redeemed on the door and the
identity of the redeemer. Going further, it becomes possible to analyze, audit and
support counter-claims against charge-backs – avoiding unnecessary revenue
losses – and even to implement tighter access controls and blacklist undesirable
attendees.

4. New Revenue Opportunities
The Aventus Protocol will support artists and event organisers by enabling
events to reach a wider and more targeted audience:
● Event organisers can whitelist or blacklist chosen promoters and sales
channels, giving them full curated control over the audience their
inventory reaches. Inventory can also be opened up to everyone,
creating a global pool of events which can be sold through any
ticketing application, incentivised via commission – overturning the
current siloed nature of the industry and encouraging mutual
participation to drive increased sales.

● Event organisers will be able to reward promoters or ticketing software
providers with a commission on ticket sales they are responsible for
generating. These commissions can be controlled by the event organiser
to be as dynamic or complex as desired, since each individual promoter
can receive a different set commission.

2.4 AVT Utility Tokenomics
The Aventus Protocol Token (AVT) is critical to the functioning of the Aventus
ecosystem as a decentralised, self-regulating environment. By aligning the
economic incentives of participants, it addresses the challenges highlighted in
Section 1 of this paper.

2.4.1 Purpose
The main purposes of AVT as a utility token are:
1.

To provide an incentive layer that enables self-regulation of the Aventus
Protocol. By creating and curating a network of due-diligence reporters on
events and applications held on the Protocol, the ecosystem is secured and
fraud is minimised.
This is implemented through stake-weighted voting mechanisms (further
explained in section 3.1) which allow the Aventus Community to determine:
a. Legitimacy of apps/DApps using the Aventus Protocol (section 3.1.1) so
that unethical behaviours and bad actors are disenfranchised.
b. Legitimacy of events on the Aventus Protocol (section 3.1.2) so that
apps/Ðapps do not lose users by selling tickets for fraudulent events,
and consumers do not experience disappointment.
c. Governance of the future parameters of the Aventus Protocol, so that
the Protocol can constantly evolve to remain competitive and best
serve the ticketing community.

2. To reward early adopters of the Aventus Protocol, thereby enabling it to benefit
from network effects. Network effects apply to the Aventus Protocol: as the
number of events stored on it grows, the greater value it has to third-party
applications; and the greater the value it represents to third-party applications,
the more the number of events stored on it will grow. .

2.3.2 Mechanics
There are three primary use cases envisaged for AVT:
Event hosting: Event organisers must purchase AVT to pay the event-creation
fee. This cost will be proportional to the number of events deemed fraudulent
in the Protocol. To ensure that the cost remains stable, the volatility of AVT
will be tempered by accounting for the fiat currency exchange rate.
Community stake: Events can be reported as being suspected of being fictitious
or fraudulent through a voting mechanism which involves putting up a deposit of
AVT, which is detailed in section 3.1. below. This economically incentivises thirdparties using the Aventus Protocol not to sell fictitious or fraudulent tickets. Thirdparty ticket-sellers on the Protocol go through a similar process of being
validated by the network in order to guarantee their legitimacy and eliminate
fraudulent resellers.

Matching: Tickets sold on the Aventus Protocol in the secondary market will
be matched with buyers who have previously registered a firm intent to
purchase. Matching is an on-chain calculation that members of the Aventus
community can run to pseudo-randomly match buyers and sellers; this
ensures that sellers do not know who they are selling to, preventing touts or
bad actors demanding additional off-chain monetary transactions on top of
the on-chain transaction.
It should be noted that non-determinism is not possible on a blockchain,
therefore (even when ’randomly’ choosing who receives which tickets), the
outcome can be known before the matching transaction is entered into the
system. However, as long as the block rewards and transactions fees are not
less than the matching reward, the system is secure.

3 Future Vision
An Alpha version of the Protocol providing scaled-down functionality was released on
the Rinkeby Public TestNet in July 2017 for community review and comment. In
November 2017, an advisory voting module was made available on the Ethereum
MainNet as proof-of-concept, allowing community members to create and vote on
proposals.
Full source-code for the Beta release was initially made available to the public in May
2018.
An in-depth audit of this source-code was carried out by Solidified.io, the leading
technical auditing service for Ethereum smart contracts, whose 150+ community of
Solidity experts has previously audited over 40 companies (including Polymath,
Melonport, Bankera and Spring Role).
After undergoing a successful auditing process which exposed zero critical issues, the
Protocol was deployed in Beta onto the Ethereum MainNet in June 2018. Developers
can now access the Protocol and accompanying source-code, giving them the tools to
begin building (or expanding existing) ticketing applications and services to take
advantage of the benefits of blockchain.
Within beta, some elements of the ecosystem remain centralised while we iterate and
develop the Protocol (for example, see Section 4.1.3). From Version 1.0 onwards, once use
of the Protocol has been established, control over system parameters will be handed to
the AVT community, creating a fully decentralised solution.
The future vision for the full version of the Protocol is detailed in the sections below:

3.1 Aventus Registry
The Aventus Registry is the entry point to the Aventus Protocol. It keeps track of:
1. A list of the legitimate third party applications using the Protocol
2. A list of the non-fraudulent events within the Protocol
3. Algorithmic parameters determining system deposits and time periods.
Each of the above variables will be determined and consistently updated through
stake-weighted voting by the Aventus Community. The voting process is similar to that
proposed by Colony [32], whereby:

1. A deposit is put forward to initiate the voting process (the origin of these
funds is explained below for each particular variable).
2.

Votes are cast confidentially by the Aventus Community in secret by
staking AVT. Once the Vote Reveal Period begins, voters’ stakes are locked.

3. Once votes are revealed, voters’ stakes are unlocked.
4. When the challenge is ended, the winning party’s deposit is returned and
the losing party’s deposit is distributed amongst the winning party (10%),
the challenge-ender (10%) and the winning voters (the remaining AVT,
distributed proportionately according to stake).
The following sections explain the application of the voting process to each of the
variables mentioned above:

3.1.1 Legitimate third party applications using the Protocol
A third party application that wishes to use the Protocol must create a proposal in the
Aventus registry, requesting to be added to the official list of legitimate applications, if they
wish to sell tickets for an event. Along with the proposal, a deposit is submitted which will
power the Aventus Community’s vote regarding the application’s legitimacy. This is
necessary to give better oversight to consumers so that they can know where they are
buying their tickets, and can be reassured that the outlets are not fraudulent.

3.1.2 Non-fraudulent events within the Protocol
Events are only added to the official event-listing on the Protocol if the organiser has paid
the necessary event-creation deposit. Following an event being added to the Aventus
Registry, the Aventus Community has a period within which to report it as fictitious or
fraudulent by submitting a deposit, as previously described. The voting process outlined
above occurs to determine the validity of the event, ensuring the legitimacy of events on the
platform.

3.1.3 Algorithmic parameters
All parameters in the system (such as the application-listing deposit, the event-creation
deposit or the time period in which an event can be reported) affect the economic
behaviour of Protocol participants. Since the parameters are strongly affected by usage
data of the Protocol itself (e.g. the rate of fraudulent events or the number of fraudulent
applications using it), they will be re-calibrated algorithmically at the point of event
creation to ensure platform stability.
Since the algorithms themselves have parameters (such as deposit floors, ceilings, and
scaling values), these will also be open to be voted upon by the Aventus Community.
Community members can put forward proposals (along with a proposal deposit, in order

to avoid spam proposals) to alter an algorithmic parameters. After the community votes
to determine the winning proposal, the deposit is returned to the community member.

3.2 Event
Events are listed by paying the event-creation deposit and uploading the event’s details
(date, location, description, etc). The event creator can then define a series of addresses
associated with ticketing agencies and resellers for the purposes of selling and refunding
tickets.
It should be noted that the event-creator will be able, if desired, to define the revenuesplit from ticket sales between the venue, artist, management company etc.
The Protocol supports different event options, such as:
● Private events: the creators must sign off on any ticket sold.
● Approved merchant events: the event’s tickets can only be sold or re-sold
exclusively via whitelisted sellers.
Before ticket sales for an event can begin, a reporting period occurs during which the
event can be challenged, as detailed in section 3.1. The full life-cycle of an event is
depicted in figure 2.

Figure 2 - The timeline of an event

3.3 Ticket Sales
When tickets are registered on the blockchain via the Protocol, a hash (or unique
identifying series of characters) is generated for that ticket – encoded with the specific
details of that ticket, e.g. ticket type, seat number, etc - which is then associated with the
public key of the ticket owner.
A ticket can then only be transacted (e.g. from event organiser to primary ticketing
agent, from primary agent to secondary reseller or to consumer) with the consent of
both parties (via their digital signature on the blockchain). The unique identifier of that
ticket is then re-associated with the public key of its new owner.
A variety of access control solutions can be implemented on top of this process, the
most simple of which is simply using the digital signature to prove the attendee’s
ownership of the public key and thus the associated ticket. The Protocol aims to support
a wide variety of access control needs, giving event organisers and venues the choice
and control that is critical to them. For example, if extra confidence and security is
required upon the door, specific identity validation requirements (for example facial
recognition, voice analysis, fingerprinting) can be tied to the ticket owner’s public key (as
long as the data can be obfuscated and encoded on the Protocol).

3.3.1 Secondary Market

Figure 3: The Secondary Ticket Market

The secondary market’s functionality within the Aventus ecosystem is depicted in figure
3 and works as follows:
● Listing: Listing a ticket requires specifying the ticket ID. A listing remains until
the inventory is sold or the sale is cancelled by the seller.

● Buying: Users register an interest in buying various combinations of tickets
listed with secondary sellers.
● Matching: The Aventus community matches buyers with tickets in a pseudoprobabilistic manner.
● Selling: The seller submits the address of the new Ticket Owner to the Protocol,
which is then recorded against the Ticket ID.

3.4 Promotion
Since the event listing and ticket selling process has been de-siloed, any validated thirdparty application will be able to make sales for any of the event brought to the Protocol
residing in the event pool. This will mean that listing an event on the Aventus Protocol
means all parties can start making sales in a completely secure and transparent manner,
without unregulated touting, counterfeits or oversight issues.
Furthermore, the event creator can choose (on a per-ticket basis), to create a rewards’
scheme giving a commission to promoters and primary ticket sellers. Commissions can
be as complex, granular and dynamic as desired, based on off-chain determinations of
the business value of the commissioned party.
This mechanism helps reduce marketing-costs and increases reach into target- markets
(by decreasing the barriers to entry of becoming a sub-promoter, and allowing for the
monetisation of word-of-mouth awareness-building). It also minimises the administrative
overhead associated with managing compensation, since this can be completely
automated by smart contracts.
There are a couple of possible attack vectors here:
Promoters cannot receive commission on their first sale, mitigating the risk that ticketbuyers could gain unfair discount through becoming a “promoter” and purchasing the
ticket “through” themselves.
Tickets sold in the secondary market are not eligible for promoter commission,
eliminating the risk that a promoter bulk-purchases tickets “through” themselves to resell on the secondary market, generating unfair commissions and unwarranted high
promotional ranking.

3.5 Market Price Oracle
Blockchains cannot access information not contained within them. Therefore, additional
data required by the Aventus Protocol must be inserted into the Blockchain.
Problem: The party controlling the data sent into the system can affect the Protocol’s
behaviour.

Solutions:
1.

We will use existing trusted solutions (such as Oraclise) and provide our own
oracle smart-contract. We will allow event-hosts to decide which oracle to use for
the market price-feed from a list of options approved by the Aventus Community.
2. AVT is listed on a number of decentralised exchanges, including AirSwap and
SharkRelay. By averaging the price across these exchanges, we will be able to
derive a reliable price.

4 Beta Release (June 2018)
As a first iteration of the Protocol, the beta release provides the first set of
functionality toward a more secure, more efficient way to control the supply and
transaction of tickets.
The sections below will detail how current functionality differs from the future vision of
the Aventus architecture, with subsections corresponding to those above in Section 3:

4.1 Aventus Registry
Within the beta version of the Protocol, the Aventus Registry tracks:
● A list of the legitimate third party applications using the Protocol
● A list of the non-fraudulent events within the Protocol
● Challenges to the legitimacy of events stored on the Protol, and votes on these
● Parameters determining system deposits and time periods
● Proposals for changes to system parameters, and votes on these
● Deposits and voting stakes of community members
Currently, only the legitimacy of events on the Protocol can be challenged by the
Aventus Community.

4.1.1 Legitimate third party applications using the Protocol
A third party application that wishes to use the Protocol must make an AVT deposit
from the address they wish to use, and then submit this address to Aventus to be
added to the approved list of legitimate applications. Upon receipt and verification of
a request and its accompanying deposit details, Aventus will add the address to the
approved list, which is held on the Protocol.

4.1.2 Non-fraudulent events within the Protocol
Current functionality is as described in 3.1.2.

4.1.3 System parameters
All parameters in the system (such as the application-listing deposit, the eventcreation deposit or the time period in which an event can be reported) are currently
fixed. Community members can put forward proposals to change these parameters. In
the beta version of the Protocol, these proposals are non-binding and are
implemented at the discretion of Aventus.

4.2 Event
Upon paying an event-creation deposit in AVT, the event creator (usually a promoter
or event organiser) uploads the event details to the Protocol, together with a URL
which references all supporting information for the validity of the event. This
generates an Event ID on the blockchain.
As detailed in 3.2., event creators have the option to create private events (wherein
they must sign off on any ticket sold), or to whitelist approved primary market sellers
to interact with their inventory. Within the beta version of the Protocol, event creators
cannot currently define revenue-split from ticket sales between different parties within
the supply-chain.
The reporting period and life-cycle of the event occur as outlined in 3.2.

4.3 Ticket Sales
The current definition of a ticket within the Protocol consists of:
● Ticket ID: A sequential identifying number for each ticket per event.
● Event ID: A sequential identifying number for each event submitted to the
Protocol.
● Ticket Details: information unique and specific to a particular ticket, such as
seat number, entrance gate, ticket type.
● Ticket Owner: the blockchain address of the ticket owner, who can be granted
access to the ticketed event.
● Ticket Status: an indicator showing whether the ticket is valid or not.
As outlined in 3.1, the Ticket Details are sent to the Protocol along with the Event ID
and Ticket Owner. The Protocol then generates a unique Ticket ID, which is stored on
the blockchain and associated with the Ticket Owner.

4.3.1 Secondary Market
Within the current version of the Protocol, it is not yet possible for users to register an
interest in buying a particular type of ticket, and no matching calculations have yet
been implemented.

4.4 Promotion
The commissioning capabilities discussed in 3.6 have not been implemented in the
beta version of the Protocol.

4.5 Market Price Oracle
No market price oracle has been integrated in this version; this process is currently
carried out manually.

5 Roadmap
5.1 The Story So Far
An Alpha version of the Protocol providing scaled-down functionality was released on
the Rinkeby Public TestNet in July 2017 for community review and comment.
Full source-code for the Beta release was initially made available to the public in May
2018.
An in-depth audit of this source-code was carried out by Solidified.io, the leading
technical auditing service for Ethereum smart contracts, whose 150+ community of
Solidity experts has previously audited over 40 companies (including Polymath,
Melonport, Bankera and Spring Role).
After undergoing a successful auditing process which exposed zero critical issues, the
Protocol was deployed in Beta onto the Ethereum MainNet in June 2018. Developers
can now access the Protocol and accompanying source-code, giving them the tools to
begin building (or expanding existing) ticketing applications and services to take
advantage of the benefits of blockchain.
Within beta, some elements of the ecosystem remain centralised while we iterate and
develop the Protocol (for example, see Section 4.1.3). From Version 1.0 onwards, once use
of the Protocol has been established, control over system parameters will be handed to
the AVT community, creating a fully decentralised solution.

5.2 Looking to the Future
Rather than define a precise and time-bound product roadmap, Aventus is working
actively and collaboratively with the ticketing industry to create an agile approach to
the Aventus ecosystem based on client feedback and constant iteration. We believe
this is the right way to test and challenge assumptions (both the industry’s and our
own), educate (and learn from) key industry players, and ultimately drive blockchain
adoption at a business and consumer level. We believe this demand-driven, businessled approach means that the Protocol will become something of true value, which can
revolutionise the ticketing industry from the bottom up.
However, there are a number of services and solutions that we are currently working
on and expect to implement as user-demand dictates. Some of these will be free-atthe-point-of-use, whereas others will incur additional costs. Our current vision for the
future and function of the Aventus solution architecture is detailed below, in Figure 4.
The future solution architecture builds upon the Aventus ecosystem as detailed in

Section 2.1, by exploring ways to make the Protocol more scalable, accessible and
performant.

Figure 4: Potential Future Architecture

The function of the Protocol itself and of the underlying Ethereum blockchain has
already been covered in detail in this paper, so will not be repeated here.

5.2.1 AventusJS
AventusJS is a JavaScript library which uses web3js to enable Ðapps to interact with
the Aventus Protocol. It exposes APIs for all of the functionality of the Protocol without
having to directly interact with the Ethereum blockchain using web3js or JSON RPC.
By providing more familiar tools to work with, AventusJS lowers the barriers to entry
for traditional developers (both internal and third-party) wishing to build blockchainenabled ticketing apps and services, by making it far easier to communicate with the
Aventus Protocol.

5.2.2 Scalability Tools
A common criticism of the blockchain is that it is very slow (in computing terms), and
difficult to scale. This is by design, due to its very nature as a distributed, peer-to-peer
network requiring consensus between all nodes. Co-founder of Ethereum, Vitalik
Buterin, co-founder of Ethereum said earlier this year that “the Ethereum community,
key developers and researchers and others have always recognized scalability as
perhaps the single most important key technical challenge that needs to be solved in
order for blockchain applications to reach mass adoption.” [33]
Third-party professional service provider Artos Systems currently utilises a write-to API
to handles this issue off-chain, by holding all transactions within a queueing system
and pushing them to the Protocol incrementally. The API also monitors current gas
prices on Ethereum, and utilises this information to optimise the flow of transactions
based on cost.
While this process is currently handled centrally, third-party service providers are
actively exploring cutting-edge decentralised solutions, both by developing internal
proof of concepts and evaluating new externally-developed options.

5.2.3 Aventus Block Explorer
The Aventus Block Explorer is an open-source web tool that provides a detailed
overview of events and ticketing data stored on the Aventus Protocol via a read-only
API. This allows users to get an easily accessible view of information on the Protocol
for reviewing, reporting and analytical purposes, direct from the browser, without
needing to interact directly with the Protocol itself.

5.2.4 ÐApps Application Layer
The ÐApp layer is concerned with the creation of decentralised applications which
optimise use of the Protocol and enable it to better fulfil its function. These will allow
the Aventus ecosystem to better fulfil its capacity as a decentralised due-diligence
mechanism for the entertainment industry, by more easily enabling the Aventus
community to engage with, analyse, and vote upon proposals.
ÐApps will include elements such as:
●
●
●
●

Voting interfaces for issuing of and interaction with proposals and challenges.
Reporting and analytics functionality built upon Aventus Block Explorer.
Support for off-chain payments.
Automated matching processes for the secondary market on the Protocol (see
Section 2.3.2).
● Template user interfaces for third-party developers creating their own
applications.

5.2.5 Third-party B2B Application Layer
The Aventus Protocol is open-source and freely available for all in the industry to benefit
from. Third-party professional service providers, ticketing agencies and developers will be
able to work with the Protocol to develop consumer-led, blockchain-ready ticketing
applications. Ticketing providers wishing to engage with the Aventus Protocol can choose
to:

●
●

Utilise their own in-house technical resources to build directly upon the Protocol,
utilising the modules and toolkits provided by Aventus in on open source capacity.
Partner with third-party service providers and developers to leverage their internal
expertise and existing services, in order to integrate with the Protocol more rapidly
and effectively - for example by optimising processes around scalability,
cryptocurrency volatility, and key management.

Some of the B2B apps currently being developed by third-parties, or with potential to be
developed in the future, include:
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Inventory management solutions
Consumer-ready, whitelabel blockchain ticket wallets
Ethereum account management platforms
SDKs and REST APIs enabling faster integration with existing internal
software and processes (already available)
Integration with micro-sales channels (e.g. social media, music streaming
platforms)
Access control solutions incorporating a range of identification criteria
In-event advertising tools
Reputation calculators for promoters to aid commissioning decisions

References
[1] Waterson, M. Independent Review of Consumer Protection Measures concerning
Online Secondary Ticketing Facilities.
https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/
attachment_data/file/525885/ind-16-7-independent-review-online-secondaryticketing-facilities.pdf 2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[2] Courty, P. An economic guide to ticket pricing in the entertainment industry.
http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.398.9979&rep=rep1&type=pdf
2000. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[3] Homann, C. Ticket resale explained.
https://blog.ticketmaster.co.uk/music/ticket-resale-explained-6018 2014. Online;
Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[4] Davies, R. MPs call for inquiry into ticket touts and resale websites.
https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/nov/16/mps-call-for-inquiry-into-tickettouts-and-resale-websites 2016. Online; Accessed 26 Jun. 2018.
[5] Davies, R. Pixies lead music industry effort to break stranglehold of ticket touts.
https://www.theguardian.com/money/2016/sep/10/pixies-lead-battle-against-tickettouts 2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[6] Sisario, B. Congress moves to curb ticket scalping, banning bots used online.
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/business/media/ 2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun.
2018.
[7] Marks, T. Why ticket prices are going through the roof.
https://www.consumerreports.org/money/why-ticket-prices-are-going-through-theroof 2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[8] Yates, S. The great ticket mark-up - how fans are paying through the nose.
h t t p s : // w w w . n z h e r a l d . c o . n z / e n t e r t a i n m e n t / n e w s / a r t i c l e . c f m ?
c_id=1501119&objectid=11833817 2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[9] Morely, K. Facebook and Twitter are a £5m ‘hotbed’ for fake ticket sales.
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/21/facebook-and-twitter-are-a-5mhotbed-for-fake-ticket-sales/ 2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[10] Sarti, N. UK live music industry 2011.
https://www.slideshare.net/InklingIntelligence/uk-live-music-industry-2011 2011. Online;
Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.

[11] Resident Advisor. RA introduces ticket resale service.
https://www.residentadvisor.net/news.aspx?id=25747 2014. Online; Accessed 25 Jun.
2018.
[12] Twickets Limited. Tickets - How it Works.
https://www.twickets.co.uk/ how-it-works 2017. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[13] Songkick Limited. Songkick - About Us.
http://www.songkick.com/info/about, 2017. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[14] Dice Limited. Dice.fm - About. https://dice.fm/about, 2017. Online; Accessed 25
Jun. 2018.
[15] Live Nation Entertainment. Live Nation Acquires Songkick Assets.
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/live-nation-acquires-songkickassets-300582116.html 2018. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[16] FanSale. EVENTIM Ticketcheck! https://www.fansale.co.uk/fansale/
advantages.htm 2018. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[17] Guzman, Z. The surreptitious rise of the online scalper.
https://www.cnbc.com/2015/03/04/online-ticket-resellers-the-surreptitious-rise-of-theonline-scalper.html 2015. Online; Accessed Jun. 2018.
[18] ASA and CAP News. Clamping down on misleading pricing practices by
secondary ticketing providers.
https://www.asa.org.uk/news/clamping-down-on-secondary-ticketing-providers.html
2018. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[19] Harmon, S. Viagogo: ACCC launches legal action against ‘misleading’ ticket
reseller. https://www.theguardian.com/money/2017/aug/28/viagogo-accc-legalaction-misleading-ticket-reseller 2017. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[20] Consumer NZ. Consumer investigating ticket resellers.
https://www.consumer.org.nz/articles/consumer-nz-investigating-ticket-resellers 2017.
Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[21] Belfast Telegraph. Secondary ticketing site referred to Trading Standards over
misleading pricing. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/secondary-ticketingsite-referred-to-trading-standards-over-misleading-pricing-36961520.html 2018.
Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[22] McMilan, C. Secondary ticketing: the problem and possible solutions, explained.
https://inews.co.uk/culture/music/secondary-ticketing-problems-solutions 2016. Online;
Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.

[23] Business Companion. The sale & resale of tickets.
https://www.businesscompanion.info/en/quick-guides/services/the-sale-and-resale-oftickets 2018. Online; Accessed 26 Jun. 2018.
[24] Nagle, M. Congress moves to curb ticket scalping, banning bots used online.
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/business/media/ticket-scalping-bots-act.html
2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[25] Hemley, N. Cameron Mackintosh unveils scheme to tackle Hamilton ticket touts.
https://www.thestage.co.uk/news/2017/cameron-mackintosh-unveils-scheme-tacklehamilton-ticket-touts 2017. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[26] Snapes, L. Tout rout: stars come out to close down ticket resellers.
https://www.theguardian.com/money/2018/jun/22/tout-rout-stars-come-out-to-closedown-ticket-resellers 2018. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[27] BBC. Concert ticket resellers ordered to disclose fees.
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-43302867 2018. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[28] Smirke, B. Out of the shadows: Fair Ticketing Alliance launched in support of
secondary ticketing operators.https://www.billboard.com/articles/business/8343627/
fair-ticketing-alliance-launched-secondary-ticketing-uk 2018. Online; Accessed 25
Jun. 2018.
[29] FanFair Alliance. FanFair comment: ASA clamps down on misleading marketing.
http://fanfairalliance.org/fanfair-comment-asa-clamps-misleading-marketing/ 2018.
Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[30] Musically. Google ‘tightens standards’ on secondary-ticketing search ads.
http://musically.com/2018/02/07/google-tightens-standards-secondary-ticketingsearch-ads/ 2018. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[31] Forde, E. What’s the Real Cost of Secondary Ticketing?
http://musically.com/ 2016/10/05/analysis-whats-the-real-cost-of-secondary-ticketing
2016. Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[32] Fischer, A. Towards better Ethereum voting Protocols.
https://blog.colony.io/towards-better-ethereum-voting-protocols-7e54cb5a0119, 2017.
Online; Accessed 25 Jun. 2018.
[33] Buterin, V. Ethereum scalability research and development subsidy programs.
https://blog.ethereum.org/2018/01/02/ethereum-scalability-research-developmentsubsidy-programs/ 2018. Online; Accessed 26 Jun. 2018.

