Draft for open community review and subject to change

`

B91 Digital Wealth
Management · Application · Mass Adoption
Blockchain Ecosystem

The Pinnacle of Payment 5.0
NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER
PLEASE READ THE ENTIRETY OF THIS “NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER”
SECTION CAREFULLY. NOTHING HEREIN CONSTITUTES LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT
YOUR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL
ADVISOR(S) BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY IN CONNECTION
HEREWITH. NEITHER B91 FOUNDATION LTD. (THE FOUNDATION), ANY OF
THE PROJECT TEAM MEMBERS (THE B91 TEAM) WHO HAVE WORKED ON
B91 (AS DEFINED HEREIN) OR PROJECT TO DEVELOP B91 IN ANY WAY
WHATSOEVER, ANY DISTRIBUTOR/VENDOR OF B91 TOKENS (THE
DISTRIBUTOR), NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
KIND OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER WHICH
YOU MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING THIS WHITEPAPER,
1

Draft for open community review and subject to change

THE WEBSITE AT HTTP://B91.COM/ (THE WEBSITE) OR ANY OTHER
WEBSITES OR MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.
The Whitepaper and the Website are intended for general informational purposes only
and does not constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a
solicitation for investment, or any offer to sell any product, item or asset (whether digital
or otherwise). The information herein may not be exhaustive and does not imply any
element of a contractual relationship. There is no assurance as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or
purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Where
the Whitepaper or the Website includes information that has been obtained from third
party sources, the Foundation, the Distributor, and/or the B91 team have not
independently verified the accuracy or completion of such information. Further, you
acknowledge that circumstances may change and that the Whitepaper or the Website
may become outdated as a result; and neither the Foundation nor the Distributor is under
any obligation to update or correct this document in connection therewith.
Nothing in the Whitepaper or the Website constitutes any offer by the Foundation, the
Distributor or the B91 team to sell any B91 Token (as defined herein) nor shall it or any
part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection
with, any contract or investment decision. Nothing contained in the Whitepaper or the
Website is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the
future performance of B91. The agreement between the Distributor and you, in relation
to any sale and purchase of B91 Token, is to be governed by only the separate terms
and conditions of such agreement.
By accessing the Whitepaper or the Website (or any part thereof), you represent and
warrant to the Foundation, the Distributor, its affiliates, and the B91 team as follows:
(a) in any decision to purchase any B91 Token, you have not relied on any statement set
out in the Whitepaper or the Website;
(b) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory
requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be);
(c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that B91 Token may have no value, there
is no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for B91 Token, and B91 Token is
not for speculative investment;
(d) none of the Foundation, the Distributor, its affiliates, and/or the B91 team members
shall be responsible for or liable for the value of B91 Token, the transferability and/or
liquidity of B91 Token and/or the availability of any market for B91 Token through
third parties or otherwise; and
(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase any
B91 Token if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or
green card holder of a geographic area or country (i) where it is likely that the sale of
B91 Token would be construed as the sale of a security (howsoever named), financial
2

Draft for open community review and subject to change

service or investment product and/or (ii) where participation in token sales is prohibited
by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act (including without
limitation the United States of America, Canada, New Zealand, People's Republic of
China (but not including the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau,
and the territory of Taiwan), the Republic of Korea, Thailand, and the Socialist Republic
of Vietnam).
The Foundation, the Distributor and the B91 team do not and do not purport to make,
and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties or undertaking to any entity or
person (including without limitation warranties as to the accuracy, completeness,
timeliness or reliability of the contents of the Whitepaper or the Website, or any other
materials published by the Foundation or the Distributor). To the maximum extent
permitted by law, the Foundation, the Distributor, their affiliates and service providers
shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of
any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability
arising from default or negligence on the part of any of them, or any loss of revenue,
income or profits, and loss of use or data) arising from the use of the Whitepaper or the
Website, or any other materials published, or its contents (including without limitation
any errors or omissions) or otherwise arising in connection with the same. Prospective
purchasers of B91 Token should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and
uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the
B91 Token token sale, the Foundation, the Distributor and the B91 team.
The information set out in the Whitepaper and the Website is for community discussion
only and is not legally binding. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding
legal commitment in relation to the acquisition of B91 Token, and no virtual currency
or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of the Whitepaper or the Website.
The agreement for sale and purchase of B91 Token and/or continued holding of B91
Token shall be governed by a separate set of Terms and Conditions or Token Purchase
Agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms of such purchase and/or continued
holding of B91 Token (the Terms and Conditions), which shall be separately provided
to you or made available on the Website. In the event of any inconsistencies between
the Terms and Conditions and the Whitepaper or the Website, the Terms and Conditions
shall prevail.
All contributions will be applied towards the advancing, promoting the research, design
and development of, and advocacy for a blockchain-based payment 5.0 system. The
Foundation, the Distributor and their various affiliates would develop, manage and
operate B91.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in
the Whitepaper or the Website. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws,
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or
3

Draft for open community review and subject to change

dissemination of the Whitepaper or the Website does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
The information set out herein is only conceptual, and describes the future development
goals for B91 to be developed. The Whitepaper or the Website may be amended or
replaced from time to time. There are no obligations to update the Whitepaper or the
Website, or to provide recipients with access to any information beyond what is
provided herein.
All statements contained herein, statements made in press releases or in any place
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Foundation, the
Distributor and/or the B91 team, may constitute forward-looking statements (including
statements regarding intent, belief or current expectations with respect to market
conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk
management practices). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forwardlooking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results to be materially
different from that described by such forward-looking statements, and no independent
third party has reviewed the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions.
These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date indicted in the
Whitepaper, and the Foundation, the Distributor as well as the B91 team expressly
disclaim any responsibility (whether express or implied) to release any revisions to
these forward-looking statements to reflect events after such date.
The use of any company and/or platform names or trademarks herein (save for those
which relate to the Foundation, the Distributor or its affiliates) does not imply any
affiliation with, or endorsement by, any third party. References in the Whitepaper or the
Website to specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only.
The Whitepaper and the Website may be translated into a language other than English
and in the event of conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and
translated versions of the Whitepaper or the Website, the English language versions
shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have read and understood the English language
version of the Whitepaper and the Website.
No part of the Whitepaper or the Website is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or
disseminated in any way without the prior written consent of the Foundation or the
Distributor.

4

Draft for open community review and subject to change

Contents
1. Background ................................................................................................................ 6
1.1 The Evolution of Blockchain ................................................................................... 6
1.2. Blockchain Today ................................................................................................ 8
2、Project Development .............................................................................................. 10
3. B91 System .............................................................................................................. 12
4、Project Timeline ..................................................................................................... 17
5. B91 Token ................................................................................................................ 18
5.1. B91 System Token Economy ............................................................................ 18
6. Development Team ................................................................................................... 21
7. Disclaimer ................................................................................................................ 22

5

Draft for open community review and subject to change

1. Background
1.1 The Evolution of Blockchain
We will often remember the birth of the Internet – a technological event that is as
important as the industrial revolution or the arrival of the information age, an event
that happened less than 30 years ago. Now, in the streets of Chinese cities, it seems
that everyone is looking at their mobile phones from time to time. This is the
pervasive popularity of the Internet that has brought about changes in our daily lives.
In contrast, the impact of Nakamoto's announcement of Bitcoin [Nakamoto 2008]
does not appear as great as the technological breakthroughs mentioned earlier.
On the contrary, it has been subjected to many questions. This also shows that
Nakamoto's thoughts are way ahead than his time. However, the impact of his
masterpiece has been acknowledged. By 2017, as bitcoin prices exceeded $20,000,
blockchain technology was widely accepted as a major technological innovation and
breakthrough. Even so, the impact of blockchain technology may still be
underestimated. In fact, we can think that the blockchain brings us a world with strong
personal privacy and private asset ownership, which may have a profound impact on
the future of mankind. A brief review of the history of human civilization easily
reveals that privacy and private asset ownership are the pillars of its foundation.
Therefore, it is not difficult to imagine that blockchain technology will have a greater
impact on the world compared to the industrial revolution.
Experimental Stage (2007-2009). The name of the founder of Satoshi
Nakamoto's Bitcoin began in 2007 to explore the use of a series of technologies to
create a new currency, Bitcoin. On October 31, 2008, the Bitcoin White Paper was
released and on January 3, 2009 the bitcoin system started. The main technologies
supporting the Bitcoin system include hash functions, distributed ledgers, blockchains,
asymmetric encryption, and proof of workload, which form the initial version of the
blockchain. From 2007 to the end of 2009, Bitcoin was in the stage of technical
experiment in which a very small number of people participated, and related business
activities have not really begun.
Minority Adoption Stage - The Geeks (2010-2012). The first bitcoin exchange
was born on February 6, 2010. On May 22, someone bought 2 pizzas with 10,000
bitcoins. On July 17, 2010, the famous bitcoin exchange Mt.Gox was established,
which marked a start that Bitcoin is really entering the market. Despite this, only
geeks are possible to understand Bitcoin and they were the only ones who enter the
market to participate in the trading of bitcoin. They discussed bitcoin technology on
the Bitcointalk.org forum, mining bitcoin on their own computers, and started trading
bitcoin on Mt.Gox. Just four years later, some of these geeks became legends of
blockchains, termed Blockchains Billionaires.

6

Draft for open community review and subject to change

Market Preparation Stage (2013-2015). At the beginning of 2013, the price of
bitcoin was $13. The Cyprus government faced financial crisis on March 18, they shut
down banks and stock markets, pushing the price of bitcoin, soaring up to $266 in
April. On August 20th the German government confirmed the currency status of
Bitcoin. On October 14, China Baidu announced the opening of Bitcoin payments.
The US Senate hearing in November made clear the legitimacy of Bitcoin. Bitcoin
reached a new high of $1,242 on November 19. However, at this point of time, the
basis of the blockchain entering the mainstream social economy is still not recognised,
and the price surge includes overly optimistic expectations from exaggerated
marketing and speculation. The suppression by the Chinese Central Banks and the
collapse of Mt.Gox triggered the huge bear market. The price of bitcoin started to fall.
At the beginning of 2015, it was below 200 US dollars. Many companies closed but
the enterprises that survived the winter strengthened. During this time, companies like
Volkswagen began to understand bitcoin and blockchain, and went on to explore its
potential although it is still not universally accepted.
Mainstream Adoption Stage (2016-2018). With the Brexit on June 23, 2016, the
fifth nuclear test in North Korea in September 2016, and the election of Trump on
November 9, 2016, the world's mainstream economy has increased uncertainty and
they needed a safe-haven option. Bitcoin, which has an irrelative relationship with the
mainstream economy, started to recover, market demand started to increase, and the
scale of transactions expanded rapidly, marking the start of the 2016-2017 bull
market. Although the Chinese market was severely curbed by policies, markets such
as South Korea, Japan, and Latin America were heating up rapidly. Bitcoin prices
soared from a maximum of $400 in early 2016 to $20,000 at the end of 2017, a 50fold
increase. The profitability of Bitcoin and the spill over caused by the congestion of
Bitcoin network have led to the explosion of other virtual currencies and various other
blockchain applications. There came the emergence of blockchain projects which gave
hundred-fold, thousand-fold including ten thousand-fold returns which triggered the
world’s crazy pursuit in all types of coins and tokens. This made bitcoin and
blockchain achieve mainstream adoption. The announcement of Bitcoin futures
trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME marks the official entry of Bitcoin
into mainstream investment products provided by financial institutions and banks.
Industrial Adoption Stage (about 2019-2021). After the market frenzy, the virtual
currency and blockchain space in 2018 returned to a rational pace, adjustment was
carried out in the market and by regulatory. Most blockchain projects created by the
2017 Fear Of Missing Out (FOMO) effect will be phased out as the market cools
down, and a small number of the surviving ones will continue to push the blockchain
into industrial adoption. These projects will kick off in 2019, but it will take several
years to undergo market testing and acceptance. This is a rapid trial and error process,
the rise and fall of products and enterprises within the industry will be accelerated,
giving the outcome of only those who are applicable to last and stay in the game. By
2021, most companies in the main industry sectors would adopt blockchain
7

Draft for open community review and subject to change

technology where it is suitable and cryptocurrency will also be widely used and
accepted.
Industrial Maturity Stage (about 2022-2025). After various successful blockchain
projects are put into the field, the market will enter an intense stage of market
competition and industrial integration to eliminate each other and whereby it will be
the survival of the fittest. Within another three to five years, some industry leaders
will be formed, market division will be completed, the blockchain industry
infrastructure will basically be formed; and relevant laws and regulations will be in
place. The role of the blockchain in various fields of social economy is rapidly
emerging. Cryptocurrency will become the mainstream currency. Economies will
undergo major adjustments; social and political cultures will also undergo
corresponding changes. International political and economic relations will face major
changes. Blockchain will have a wide and profound impact on people's lives. By then,
Blockchain would have become global.
The six stages of development of the blockchain can be further simplified; the
first two stages can be regarded as the experimental stages, the middle two stages are
the mainstream adoption stages, and the latter two stages are the industrial adoption
stages. We are still in a period where width of social cognition has been achieved but
the depth of cognition is still insufficient. It is necessary to further promote the
research and popularization of blockchain knowledge to lay the foundation for the
maturity of industrial adoption and development. In any case, the great value of the
blockchain to the global economy has been fully recognized, and the value of the
global socio-political ecological improvement is gradually emerging. This is a new
social and economic impetus that is worthy of further inspection to seize the right
opportunities.

1.2. Blockchain Today
At present, blockchain technology is still immature, and the underlying facilities
are imperfect, resulting in many applications facing limitations. Looking through the
perspective of blockchain technology, application is still at a very early stage; the
three key factors of scalability, security, and decentralization are difficult to optimize
at the same time, so some factors are compromised in exchange for the other factors.
At present, there are blockchain projects in some regions that already had some simple
application scenarios. For example, some new blockchain-based projects can be
released through the Ethereum network and the BTS platform, and content creators
can be decentralized through STEEM, allowing the creation of a piece of work that
truly belongs to them.

8

Draft for open community review and subject to change

A brief introduction of matured blockchain projects:
Public chain technology
EOS: EOS is like Microsoft's Windows platform. By creating a developerfriendly
blockchain underlying platform, it supports multiple applications running
simultaneously, providing the underlying templates for developing DAPPs. EOS
solves the problem of latency and data throughput through parallel chain and DPOS.
EOS can process thousands of transactions per second, while bitcoin can only do
about 7 per second, and Ethereum only does 30-40 per second. EOS has no
transaction fees, and the response from the mass market has been great. The
development of DAPPs on EOS requires network and computing resources to be
allocated in proportion to the EOS owned by the developer. When you have EOS, it is
equivalent to having computer resources. With the development of a DAPP, you can
lease the EOS in your hand to others. From this point of view, EOS also has a wide
range of values to both the owner and the developer.
VSYS: V SYSTEMS public chain positioning is to create a blockchain database
and application platform. The main network was launched in September 2018, and the
super node was fully launched during the same period. From its launch to present, the
15 super nodes of the public chain are all performing fast and stable. As the SPoS
consensus algorithm is set, one block is produced every 4 seconds, the success rate of
the block is at 99% or higher, and the average delay is lower than a millisecond. The
creation of V SYSTEMS will give the financial lending industry unlimited
possibilities through blockchain technology. Through innovation at the mathematical
level, SPoS proposes a creative consensus algorithm for fixed-order blocks, while
positioning the super nodes at a similar role in the mining pool through cold minting
technology. These advanced infrastructural designs allow the V SYSTEMS public
chain to achieve high performance, high scalability and high stability. These will be
the underlying blockchain technology that can influence a variety of financial
blockchain innovations.
Stable coins:
As more exchanges and projects are issuing their own tokens or coins, the price
of each token faces extreme fluctuations when pegged with volatile trading pairs. To
solve this issue, many stable coins led by Tether USDT are emerging in the market.
Before 2018, the only well-known stable coin was Tether USDT, and its market
value dominated the total market value of the stable coin for a long time. However,
since 2018, several US dollar stable coins that emerged. We now have TUSD, USDC,
PAX, GUSD and so on. The development of these emerging stable coins has led to a
new stable coin economy.
PAData joined hands with blockchain data and security service provider
9

Draft for open community review and subject to change

PeckShield to analyse the onchain transactions and secondary markets transaction of 8
mainstream stable coins - USDT, TUSD, USDC, PAX, GUSD, EURS, NUSD and
DGX. Results showed USDT still dominated the stable coin’s market share by far, but
due to its own crisis of trust, emerging stable currencies such as TUSD, USDC and
PAX have already seized some markets. The USDT has 400 trading pairs in 51
exchanges because of its first-mover advantage. The remaining stable coins are highly
dependent on one or two exchanges. Overall, the pioneers of each stable coins have a
relatively high degree of control over their market and large volume transfers have
been seen in each individual community.

2、Project Development
B91, established in 2018, has received investment and was acquired by Hong
Kong Wealth Foundation on May 13, 2019 for strategic business integration. B91
aims to provide a platform for digital wealth in 3 major sectors: 1) management · 2)
applications · 3) mass adoption to form a blockchain ecosystem to facilitate a payment
5.0 system. The 9-business field covers multi-currency universal wallets, global
payments, blockchain P2P, C2C services, OTC services, aggregate transactions,
wealth management products, technology venture funds, and charity. B91 will
enhance blockchain technology with a revolutionizing marketing model to rapidly
expand its business globally.

1) B91·Universal Wallet
B91 Universal Wallet is a digital currency versatile mobile application terminal
based on independent blockchain technology. It integrates five types of wallets: cold
wallet, HD wallet, multi-sig wallet, decentralized exchange, and decentralized social.
Within its public chain, B91 Universal Wallet is also creating a Universal Key
system where all users would only be required to hold one key to access to all their
cryptocurrency. With strong technical strength, functionality, practicality and ease
of use, it is the key to digital assets in the blockchain era.

10

Draft for open community review and subject to change

2）Global Payments
B91 Payment is a blockchain-based payment platform that allows you to use
cryptocurrency anytime, anywhere. People can use their B91 debit card for daily
shopping and withdrawals.
The B91 payment system includes the B91 wallet, which can be used in nearly
200 countries using different cryptocurrencies (available on iOS and Android) and
B91 cards, accepted by more than 42 million VISA merchants both online and offline.
We offer users a variety of cryptocurrency features for added security. Creating a
superior product experience for our customers is at the heart of our work.
3）Blockchain P2P
The B91 blockchain platform ecosystem utilizes the decentralization of blockchain
technology. The point-to-point service of blockchain technology does not need a
trusted third party. Each account on the node records every loan, cannot be forged,
and cannot be tampered with.
Transfers across the blockchain, are vetted, transparent and open. Combined with
BTC、ETH，B91 and most stable coins such as USDT，TUSD，DAI，PAX，
GUSD，USDC，BitCNY，QC，DigixDao; the B91 Public Chain offers pledge
lending, which solves a major problem in the industry with many holders facing
issues of having too many coins but no cash on hand. Eventually when all the
operations are stable in a country, we will expand across borders to create the first
global Blockchain P2P platform.
4）C2C
C2C refers to the legal currency transactions between users using USDT. For
example, a user has USDT, trades through C2C, and sells it to another user. This type
of transaction is called C2C, which is a peer-to-peer transaction. The B91 blockchain
platform is equivalent to an intermediary that provides an additional guaranteed asset
security to both parties.
5）OTC
B91·OTC is a function that provides blockchain over-the-counter (OTC)
transactions. It is dedicated to making blockchain assets flow more efficiently, helping
participants to quickly discover and realize the value of digital currency investments
by allowing them to partake into blockchain projects through fiat to crypto exchanges
efficiently.
6）Aggregate Trading
The B91 Aggregator is an account that implements a global cross-exchange
service that aggregates “transactions” from other exchanges onto a single platform.
The B91 converged transaction realizes trans-global exchange transactions,
covering 90% of the currency types on the market, big data allows for artificial
11

Draft for open community review and subject to change

intelligence’s price comparison, and selecting the global optimal price difference to
help users improve transaction efficiency and accelerate user profitability. 7）
Blockchain Financial Products
The B91 blockchain platform will gradually launch stable blockchain wealth
management products, including bonds, fixed deposits and similarly other financial
products that the consumers are familiar with in the traditional financial market.
Investors subscribe with digital currency with limited availability on a firstcome,
first-served basis. The wealth management funds will be managed by a thirdparty
professional team to ensure stable and profitable returns to the investors.
8）Technology Venture Fund TVF
As a blockchain ecosystem, B91 Technology Venture Fund raises capital for
capitalists and retail investors on the platform through a smart contract crowdfunding
application on the B91 public chain system. It provides a number of post-investment
value-added services for blockchain entrepreneurs, including project incubation,
acceleration, technical innovation guidance, economic model grooming, brand
marketing, and internationally known medias amongst other premium resources.
We have a professional blockchain team; digital asset AI quantitative investment
team, blockchain project value assessment team, digital asset venture capital team. To
screen high-quality projects globally. Our targeted investment sector covers
infrastructure and applications, and derivative industries in the blockchain ecosystem.
9）Charity
The B91 platform launches its charity sector and relies on the blockchain as a
charity platform to provide medical funds efficiently for the broad masses in need.
Fundraisers don't have to pay fees through the platform, professional consultants are
available on one-on-one consultations, and most importantly access to global
donations at a faster speed. In the form of digital asset donations, donors around the
world help poor people who are in need. The B91 public welfare target to raise more
than 100 million US dollars in digital currency and to lead the people in the
blockchain space to contribute back to the society.

3. B91 System
It is estimated that there are now tens of thousands of blockchain projects, and even
more are upcoming. For many individuals and teams looking to enter the blockchain
industry, the cost of developing and maintaining blockchain systems has been a huge
challenge. It is time to tackle the core issues and reinvent blockchain technology from
another perspective. If we can significantly reduce the cost of applying blockchain
technology while increasing scalability, this will bring more innovative of uses of
blockchain technology and push forward its mass adoption speed.
•

SPoS Economy Model
12

Draft for open community review and subject to change

SPoS, also known as SuperNode Proof-of-Stake, is an upgraded version of ProofofStake PoS. The father of PoS, Sunny King, published his papers and opinions on
SPoS in 2016 and developed his third project, using SPoS as a consensus mechanism.
In 2018, he successfully developed the VSYS: V SYSTEMS. B91 also adopted the
SPoS consensus to build the B91 public chain system. The B91 public chain system
promotes performance-oriented innovation, self-governance and sustainable token
economies, low barrier token economy participation. SPoS provides incentives and
hardware upgrades for Super Node Minors, enabling them to continuously improve
performance and thus support larger applications. In this economic model, the minters
of the super-node can lease tokens from other token holders (through secondary smart
contracts), from which they produce the blocks themselves, get token incentives, and
then share them with the token holders. In this way, everyone is willing to contribute
to this ecosystem to solve the problem of threats of centralization faced by Bitcoin
and other ecosystems. Through this model, everyone will mutually benefit each other.
In this way, the community will be confident to introduce more holders to participate
in the development as well as the protection of the ecosystem, which in turn benefit
the security of the entire network.

•

Blockchain as a database

The major breakthrough that blockchain technology brought was decentralization.
Logically, one of the keys to adopting blockchain lies within the migration from
traditional database structure to this new decentralized framework.
In general, traditional user accounts can be substituted by public-private keys and
addresses in blockchains. Traditional databases are subject to strong access control,
almost all data is restricted to authenticated accounts. Moreover, account creation is
also of a centralized model in traditional databases, by which a database administrator
grants the user an account for access. With blockchains, conversely, key pairs are
generated freely by anyone, without the need for centralized administration. Much of
the data is then considered public access, unless it is stored in encrypted form on the
blockchain. This applies even for private blockchains within an organization's own
13

Draft for open community review and subject to change

LAN, unencrypted data should still be considered as publicly accessible, due to the
unavoidable breach into the LAN. Instead, privacy is protected by the anonymity of
the virtual identities. This is in fact arguably a stronger privacy protection compared
to a centralized model, where the loss of customer data happens often due to hacking.
Hence the protection of privacy depends on the anonymity of virtual identity.
Interestingly, this may be a stronger privacy protection model compared to the
Sinochem model.
Objects, in the form of JSON objects, are pretty powerful data structures to represent
structured data. Key-value pairs can be considered a simple example of objects. A key
in a key-value pair should not be confused with public key of a virtual identity. This
term is sometimes also referred as name-value pair to avoid confusion. Keyspace or
namespace scope in the database can either be local to the user or global.
Issuance: The relationship between the token issuer and the fungible
Under an ownership type of data model, the data object may be regarded as “owned”
by the identity who inserted it, meaning it can only be modified or deleted by this
owner. For global namespace, there is a global namespace resolution problem. This
can be understood as global uniqueness constraint problem. When a user attempts to
insert a key-value pair, an observer sees the key or name in the broadcast and then
makes a competing insert of the same key or name, which may get confirmed into the
blockchain instead of the original insert. Namecoin introduced a protocol to deal with
this issue. The idea goes like this:
•

User sends a pre-insertion reservation transaction, where the key/name of the
insertion is hidden via hashing. The protocol understands that the reservation
transaction reserves the insertion of the given key for some period.

•

Wait for the pre-insertion reservation transaction to confirm.

•

Then broadcast the actual insertion transaction to the network. The insertion
transaction should include a link/reference to the reservation transaction to
pass protocol validation that the insertion and the reservation match each
other.

Since the squatter does not know what the key or name is at the time the reservation
transaction is broadcasted, it would not be able to get in before the actual owner,
unless a reorganization of the blockchain happens after the insertion transaction is
broadcasted. However, this is still unable to prevent squatters from guessing what
other people want and claiming them in advance, like in the domain name system.

14

Draft for open community review and subject to change

•

Database Migration

Migration features are extremely important for a database. As a database scales, it
would be more cost effective to migrate it to a separate blockchain of its own, so the
blockchain fees can be lowered specific to the application itself. The B91 system
plans to provide migration tools to move database from one blockchain to another.
•

Modularity Goals

Modularity is an important design goal to lower the system complexity and reduce
future development and maintenance cost, not only for the platform itself but also for
the individual blockchains running applications in the ecosystem.
Layers of protocol:
1. Consensus management layer
2. Block tree management layer
3. Interchain processing layer
4. Transaction processing layer
5. Data format layer
6. Peer-to-peer network layer
7. Internet protocol layer
System components:
1. Pluggable consensus models
2. Pluggable business logic container
3. Database management component
15

Draft for open community review and subject to change

4. Database operation component
5. Database query component
6. Shared peer-to-peer networking
7. Full node with blockchain processing
8. Smartphone based light-weight cold wallet and hot wallet
9. Browser based wallet
• Consensus system
The initial bitcoin’s consensus mechanism is now known as the Nakamoto
consensus. The Nakamoto consensus is a landmark breakthrough and the beginning of
everything. With more than 8 years in the run, the Bitcoin system undoubtedly proves
its reliability.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Protocol layering
Consensus management
Block tree management
Interchain processing layer
Transaction processing layer
Data format layer
Peer network layer
Internet protocol layer

•

Smart Contracts

Smart contracts allow parties to create binding agreements without a third trusted
party. Bitcoin used a simple scripting system when validating a transaction. But this
scripting system is quite limited, and for the fear of potential issues, Bitcoin restricted
its use among standard transactions. Later, Ethereum redesigned a new smart contract
system with a Turing-complete programming language known as Solidity. It was a
significant progression for blockchain technology, as it allowed autonomous and
decentralized contracts to be realized for many application scenarios.
EOS recently proposed to implement another smart contract system utilizing
WebAssembly, also known as wasm. Wasm is an emerging web standard for low level
in-browser client side scripting. Wasm is typically developed via C or C++ and
compiled to Wasm.
The B91 system plans to support compatible implementations of Ethereum and EOS
style smart contracts. Virtual machines will be implemented in a modular fashion so
16

Draft for open community review and subject to change

that applications can choose to enable a preferred style of smart contracts. As more
competing smart contract systems are developed by the industry, they would also be
evaluated and considered.

4、Project Timeline

At the same time, the B91 System is preparing for its entrance into the capital
markets through an IPO on NASDAQ Exchange.

17

Draft for open community review and subject to change

5. B91 Token
5.1. B91 System Token Economy
The native digital cryptographically-secured utility token of B91 (B91 Token) is a
transferable representation of attributed functions specified in the protocol/code of
B91, designed to play a major role in the functioning of the ecosystem on B91, and
intended to be used solely as the primary token on the platform.
The contributions in the token sale will be held by the Distributor (or its affiliate) after
the token sale, and contributors will have no economic or legal right over or beneficial
interest in these contributions or the assets of that entity after the token sale. To the
extent a secondary market or exchange for trading B91 Token does develop, it would
be run and operated wholly independently of the Foundation, the Distributor, the sale
of B91 Token and B91. Neither the Foundation nor the Distributor will create such
secondary markets nor will either entity act as an exchange for B91 Token.
Total Number of tokens ：5.1 Billion Tokens

18

Draft for open community review and subject to change

Air Drop: 10%
Management Team: 20% released over 10 years
Marketing and Listing on Exchanges: 30%
Supernodes: 40%
Supernodes will receive token incentives based on 5% of total amount yearly. Annual
token incentives are estimated to be higher than 30%
B91 Token is required as virtual crypto “fuel” for using certain designed functions on
B91, providing the economic incentives which will be consumed to encourage
participants to contribute and maintain the ecosystem on B91. Computational
resources are required for validation/verification of additional blocks on the
blockchain, thus providers of these resources (i.e. nodes or supernodes) would require
payment for the consumption of these resources (i.e. "mining" on B91) to maintain
network integrity, and B91 Token will be used as the unit of exchange to quantify and
pay the costs of the consumed computational resources. B91 Token is an integral and
indispensable part of B91, because without B91 Token, there would be no incentive
for users to expend resources to participate in activities or provide services for the
benefit of the entire ecosystem on B91. Users of B91 and/or holders of B91 Token
which did not actively participate will not receive any B91 Token incentives.

19

Draft for open community review and subject to change

5.2. B91 Token Consumption Solution
B91 Token is a non-refundable functional utility token which will be used as the unit
of exchange for products/services between participants within the B91 ecosystem. The
goal of introducing B91 Token is to provide a convenient and secure mode of payment
and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem on B91.
The B91 Token may be used within the B91 ecosystem as the platform currency to
pay for various transactions such as account opening fees, interest payments,
management fees, etc.
The process of creation of new digital assets through the usage of smart contracts
supported by the B91 system would consume B91 Token as "Gas" fees, thereby
allowing for a continuous application and consumption of the B91 Token.
The B91 System will donate 1% of its total profits from the B91 Token into the public
welfare fund for charity.
Through secondary smart contracts on B91, the B91 Technology Venture fund will use
the B91 Token as the platform currency to create a new STO type of fund raising and
investment which will in turn have large amounts of B91 Token vested in multiple
projects.
In particular, it is highlighted that B91 Token:
(a) is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in any
other virtual currency) or any payment obligation by the Foundation, the
Distributor or any affiliate;
(b) does not represent or confer on the token holder any right of any form with respect
to the Foundation, the Distributor (or any of its affiliates), or its revenues or assets,
including without limitation any right to receive future dividends, revenue, shares,
ownership right or stake, share or security, any voting, distribution, redemption,
liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property or licence
20

Draft for open community review and subject to change

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

rights), or other financial or legal rights or equivalent rights, or intellectual
property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to B91, the
Foundation, the Distributor and/or their service providers;
is not intended to represent any rights under a contract for differences or under
any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit
or avoid a loss;
is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money),
security, commodity, bond, debt instrument or any other kind of financial
instrument or investment;
is not a loan to the Foundation, the Distributor or any of its affiliates, is not
intended to represent a debt owed by the Foundation, the Distributor or any of its
affiliates, and there is no expectation of profit; and
does not provide the token holder with any ownership or other interest in the
Foundation, the Distributor or any of its affiliates.

6. Development Team
Enrique Zueco: CEO
Founder and CEO of the award-winner Zytech Group (Goinggreen100 by
AlwaysOn and UC Davis University – other notable winner was Elon Musk's
SpaceX). Zytech has its global HQ in Spain, R&D Department in the US, 8
Subsidiaries worldwide and sells its products to FORTUNE 500 companies in the
fields of Blockchain, Electric Vehicles, and Renewable Energy. Highlighted in
"Entrepreneurs and Innovators" by TVE.
Former Managing Director of the German-owned and China market leader
Spitzer Automation. Enrique has a M.Sc. Engineering + MBA
Svet Sedov: Technical Senior Advisor
Svet is an angel investor and serial entrepreneur, who lives and works in the
Silicon Valley, CA, USA. He started his career in the Academy of Science as a
mathematician and then was hired by Arthur Andersen and Andersen Consulting
("Accenture") as an Information System Analyst. Today he has 14 projects under his
belt including the largest online retailers and the stock exchange. He also owns and
runs "FirstInternational.In" - the five-years-old incubator for blockchain companies
(Palo Alto, CA). Svet is also a graduate of the Maryland School Of Business.

21

Draft for open community review and subject to change

Jose L. Zamorano: COO
Jose has more than 10 years of experience in international marketing, brand
management and outreach for a top Fortune 500 company. Afterward, he moved to San
Francisco where his passion for tech has led him to be in the front line for blockchain
technology in Silicon Valley. Jose has a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration
and Management from UCSF. San Francisco, California.

7. Disclaimer
Disclaimer
The issuance of any B91 Token and the purchase of the B91 Token are based on their
own perception of the B91 blockchain platform. This document is used to convey the
purpose of the information and does not constitute an opinion regarding the sale and
purchase of the B91 Token. This white paper is a working document that needs to be
reviewed and updated.
Once participants participate, they understand and accept the risks of the project and
are willing to personally bear all the consequences.
B91 expressly disclaims any direct or indirect losses caused by participation in the
B91 certificate, including:
Economic loss due to user transaction operations, such as loss of personal private key;
Any error, negligence or inaccurate information resulting from personal
understanding;
Loss caused by personal transactions in various blockchain digital assets and any
resulting behavior;
B91 refuses to bear the responsibility of the following user violations;
Any purchase of the B91 Token violates the anti-money laundering laws,
counterterrorism financing or other regulatory requirements of the country in which it
is purchased;
The B91 Token is classified or considered by any government, government agency,
competent authority or public agency to be a currency, securities, commercial paper,
negotiable instrument, investment or other thing that is subject to prohibition,
regulation or legal restrictions;
B91 refuses to assume responsibility for the change of the issuance plan due to
uncontrollable reasons;
The plan for the issuance of the B91 Token was abandoned due to uncontrollable
reasons;
Due to the delay or delay in the development of the platform, the release plan
changes;
The platform does not implement certain features or does not meet certain specific
uses;
22

Draft for open community review and subject to change

Participants are responsible for determining whether they meet the legal requirements
of the country in which they are located and confirm that they are solely responsible
for the risks involved.

References
[Back

2014]

Enabling

Blockchain

Innovations

with

Pegged

Sidechains,

https://blockstream.com/sidechains.pdf
[Buterin 2014] Ethereum: A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized
application Platform, http://www.the-blockchain.com/docs/Ethereumwhitepapera_
Nextgenerationsmartcontractanddecentralizedapplication_platform-vitalik- buterin.pdf
[King

2012]

PPCoin:

Peer-to-Peer

Crypto-Currency

with

Proof-of-Stake,

https://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoin-paper.pdf
[King

2013]

Primecoin:

Cryptocurrency

with

Prime

Number

Proof-of-Work,

Generals

Problem,

http://primecoin.io/bin/primecoin-paper.pdf
[Lamport

1982]

The

Byzantine

http://lamport.azurewebsites.net/pubs/byz.pdf
[Nakamoto

2008]

Bitcoin:

A

Peer-to-Peer

Electronic

Cash

System,

https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
[Poon 2017] Plasma: Scalable Autonomous Smart Contracts, https://plasma.io/plasma.pdf
[Silver 2016] Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree
search, https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/alphago/ AlphaGoNaturePaper.pdf
[Szabo 1996] Smart Contracts: Building Blocks for Digital Markets,
http://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/Courses/InformationInSpeech/CDROM/
Literature/LOTwint ersc hool2006/szabo.best.vwh.net/smartcontracts2.html
[King 2018] V SYSTEMS: Blockchain Database and Apps Platform

https://v.systems/pdf/vsyswhitepaper.pdf
[King 2018] V SYSTEMS: Evolution of Energy-Free Consensus: From POS to SPOS

https://v.systems/pdf/sposwhitepaper.pdf
23

Draft for open community review and subject to change

[Murray N. Rothbard 1992] The Case for a Genuine Gold Dollar
https://mises.org/library/ case-genuine-gold-dollar
[King 2013] Disclosure of Stake Generation Vulnerability
https://bitcointalk.org/index. php?topic=131940.0
[King 2013] Peercoin 0.3 Release Announcement
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php? topic=144964.0
[Elinor Ostrom et al. 1999] Revisiting the Commons: Local Lessons, Global
Challenges http://
dusk2.geo.orst.edu/prosem/Ostrom_etal1999.pdf
[Jutarul 2012] Peercoin Offline Coinstake Creation,
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= 115608.0
[King 2013] Proposal for Peercoin Online Stake Safety,
https://bitcointalk.org/index. php?topic=194054.0
[Sigmike 2014] Cold Storage Minting Proposal
https://talk.peercoin.net/t/ cold-storage-minting-proposal/2336

24

