BLOCKCHAIN
MEETS SPORTS
Unleash the value of verified health and sports
data using cutting edge blockchain technology

Whitepaper, Version June 5, 2018
BEAT ICO

TABLE OF CONTENTS

										 3

1.0 Overview

2.0 The BEAT Ecosystem

								 7

2.1 The BEAT Vision

								 7

2.2 The BEAT Token

								 7

2.3 The BEAT Concept

								

8

2.4 The BEAT Contract

								

10

2.5 The BEAT Blockchain

							

10

2.6 The BEAT Stakeholders 							 10
3.0 About us

										 13

3.1 MySports and the Loyalty Group

						

13

3.2 The Team 									 14
3.3 Advisors 									 16
4.0 The BEAT Foundation

								 17

4.1 Overview of the BEAT Ecosystem
5.0 The Initial BEAT Token Sale

					

18

							 19

5.1 Economics and Allocation of the BEAT Token
5.2 Initial Token Sale Bonus Structure

				

19

					

20

5.3 The Generation and the Price for BEAT Tokens

			

21

5.4 The Demand for BEAT Tokens 						

22

5.5 The Potential Rewards for Purchasing BEAT Tokens

			

23

					

24

5.6 The Use of Initial Token Sale Proceeds
6.0 Milestones and Roadmap (tentative)
7.0 Additional Information

						 26

								 27

7.1 Press Coverage 								 27
7.2 The Partner Network of Magicline 						

28

7.3 Switch of Blockchain 							

29

7.4 Wallet Setup

									 29

7.5 Security 									 29
8.0 Legal Note

										 30

9.0 APPENDIX

										 35

BEAT Whitepaper

2

1.0 OVERVIEW
The world of sports, health and nutrition generates billions of data points everyday. The mobile
health industry is rapidly growing in popularity among customers and businesses alike with a
projected 37 Billion USD global mobile health market in 20191. However, most businesses in the
sports health industry still seem to lack a comprehensive solution for health data-privacy, which
is crucial to its users. Moreover, current market players are fragmented by their functionalities and
do not have the platform to create a self-sustaining ecosystem of such companies, their users,
as well as their third-party beneficiaries. There exists this need to link the agents within this fragile
ecosystem utilizing cutting-edge technologies as the catalyst to remove any issues of privacy,
accountability, and immutability. This is where Blockchain technology promises to radically change the perception of this very ecosystem.
Blockchain is essentially a decentralized public ledger that is both immutable and infallible which
serves as a very reliable means of recording data. Therefore, Blockchain can serve as an effective mechanism of collecting sports data from these billions of data points and transfer them for
further analysis. Moreover, the concept of getting paid to do sports has been exclusive to Olympians and other elite athletes for the longest time in the fitness industry. The advent of Blockchain
technology also promises to alter this using BEAT as the ecosystem-builder.

Succinctly, BEAT is a state-of-the-art blockchain platform that safekeeps your data
and allows you to share it with sports sponsors, talent scouts, doctors, insurance
companies and many more to unlock the vast potential hidden in an truly comprehensive access to your health and activity data - one heartbeat at a time.

The ecosystem would also allow users to monetize their verified health data that they generate
every time the exercise, and on the consumer end of the spectrum, would allow corporations to
purchase those data according to their needs utilizing the power of the blockchain.
To shed some perspective on this, the BEAT ecosystem would broadly comprise two users: the
Data Providers and the Data Consumers.
Users can autonomously decide whether they want to become Data Providers by sharing specific data based on a contractual agreement with future Data Consumers. The Data Consumer
only gets access to the data as agreed in the contract and for the sole purpose defined in the
contract. The Data Consumers will appreciate such ease of access to verified and unchangeable data. In return, these Data Consumers – who are usually fitness providers like gyms, pharmaceutical companies, and sports equipment manufacturers – will provide their products and
services at a discounted rate, or even for free to Data Providers.
1 Global Digital Health Market, Statista,
https://www.statista.com/topics/2263/mhealth/

BEAT Whitepaper

3

OVERVIEW
It’s a dual-pronged approach between them: On one hand, BEATs would be used as a reward
system for athletes and sportspeople, as it would represent a net gain to utilize the earned BEATs
to purchase rewards.
The fitness provider that is also part of the BEATs ecosystem would also add a potential way for
customer lock-in and bigger profit margins and hence, this would be a reinforcing feedback loop
with every participant pushing the system forward. Moreover, the advent of Blockchain would
create an industry-wide standard of robust and tamperproof automated contract verification
whereby complicated service processes would become less expensive and more efficient for
both parties. With BEATs already in use as the reward system of a facility, it is much easier to
make the facility owner trust in the system for additional beneficial purposes too.
To efficiently track, verify and store the health and activity data of the user within the BEAT
blockchain, this concept will require “Trusted Third Parties” (TTP) like management software. A
TTP is an entity that would facilitate and review all forms of transactional communication
between the Data Consumers and Providers for various health and sports providers, apps,
smartwatches, fitness trackers, digitally enabled equipment, gyms, clinics, physicians, trainers,
etc. These processes would require extensions and modifications to those systems already existing, enabling the owner of the data, i.e. the users, to store their data safely in the BEAT Blockchain
under their control.
Here are a few prospective use cases for the BEAT Blockchain:
Facilitate Sports and Talent Sponsoring
Billions in sponsorship money can be potentially used by
		
Any sponsor, be it parent, friend, employer or insurer, can reward their targeted 		
		
sportsperson for verified sports activities with the ease of a fingertip.
		
Any sponsor can create sport challenges and delegate the objective verification to
		
the BEAT Blockchain. This can start with a simple bet between a sportsperson and a
		
trainer moving to a worldwide challenge for training most with new sport
		
equipment.
		
The rewards stipulated in the sponsoring contract can be a contractual obligation
		
settled outside the BEAT Ecosystem or be the transfer of BEAT Tokens, settled di
		
rectly by the BEAT Ecosystem, making BEAT Tokens the reward exchange token of
		
sports.
Targeted Advertising
Insurance Companies being able to reward a healthy lifestyle
Supporting medical research and development
Providing physicians and physiotherapists with a truly comprehensive view of health
and activity data
BEAT Whitepaper

4

OVERVIEW
The BEAT initial token sale („ITS“) will finance the initial development of the BEAT Blockchain
covering initial use cases in the area of fitness and sports and the enhancement of our sports
facility management software including its ecosystem. We are a team of 140 professionals,
dedicated to promoting sports and support the convergence of the sports and the health
industry. We have spent the last four years and invested tens of millions of Euros to develop one
of the world’s leading digital infrastructure for sports facility management. 3,000 German gyms
(40% of all German gyms) are already using our sports facility management software, with its
numbers growing rapidly everyday.
With the proceeds of the BEAT Token ITS, we intend to finance two major developments:
Extend our digital ecosystem to support the BEAT Blockchain:
Sports facilities are the ideal place to fulfil our requirement of an initial TTP to launch the
concept due to its rise in user popularity as well as ease of implementing such a
large-scale system.
●

Build the first version of the BEAT Blockchain:
The BEAT Foundation would be the first open-source release version of the BEAT
Blockchain. It will be responsible for the further development and operation of the BEAT
Blockchain developed by MySports. The BEAT Foundation will also be controlled by three
groups of stakeholders involved in the usage of health and activity data: the Data
Providers, the Data Consumers and Trusted Third Parties (TTP).
The BEAT Token can be purchased during the ITS for at least 1 Euro-Cent per BEAT Token from
the start of the ICO pre-sale. The price will increase from March 13 through May 15, 2018 from 0.01
EUR to 0.019 EUR on pre-determined dates as outlined in page 20 of this whitepaper. After the
1st of June, there will be a referral bonus available to previous buyers to incentivize their friends to
join. This referral system will help to create a large, stable and engaged community, to improve
the quality of the project. Further details of the referral system can also be found on page 20 of
this whitepaper.
The BEAT Token can be used to access smart contract based health and activity data. Therefore, there will always be a constant demand for BEAT Tokens to interact on the BEAT Blockchain.
Anyone purchasing BEAT Tokens during the ITS can use them in exchange for favors, services or
goods of Data Consumers participating in the BEAT Blockchain and the BEAT ecosystem or trade
the BEAT Token on a secondary market if such a market develops.
We, the issuers of the BEAT Token, invite you to participate in this ITS.

BEAT Whitepaper

5

OVERVIEW
In summary
The Beat Blockchain builds a bridge of trust between the three catalysts: Data Providers, Data
Consumers and Trusted Third Parties.
It enables users to control their personal data, share it with sports sponsors, talent scouts, doctors,
insurance companies, etc, and thus, unlock the vast potential of utilizing this health and fitness
data for their individual benefit and the collective benefit of the BEAT Ecosystem.
The world of sports and health is about to change, be part of it, join this ITS!

BEAT Whitepaper

6

2.0 THE BEAT ECOSYSTEM
2.1 The BEAT Vision
The blockchain and the token to be used for consuming services on the blockchain is labeled with the
prefix BEAT.
With the advent of disruptive technologies like the
internet and now, the Blockchain, the world of sports
and health have yet to fully utilize their potential in
integrating various facilities, agents, customers and
sponsors into one overarching ecosystem. For instance, the lack of mutual compatibility amongst different
gym facilities leads to further complications and inefficiencies in their management of their sponsorship
databases as well as the ownership of their customer’s
data. BEAT aims to be the bridge between this broken ecosystem by solving these problems
of data-ownership and ecosystem-integration and the key to unlock this bridge would be the
decentralized ledger technology, Blockchain.
By building upon their well-funded business case that has already been successfully implemented in 3000 German gyms generating millions of dollars in revenue, BEAT aims to give the true
power back to the owners of the data, the individual consumers themselves, and would provide a
smart contract infrastructure to agree on common goals and subsequently free billions of sponsorship money.
BEAT’s vision is simple; to build the best decentralized ecosystembuilder that disrupts the health and sports industry leveraging on
our state-of-the-art Blockchain platform and seamlessly connecting all our customers, clients,
employees and partners together
- one heartbeat at a time.

2.2 The BEAT Token
The BEAT Token will give users access to services
on the BEAT blockchain. When you access your
health and fitness data on the BEAT blockchain,
you’ll pay the BEAT foundation and the application or platform where your data is stored for access by using BEAT Tokens. The costs for access
to anonymous data in the BEAT Blockchain will
be lower than those for personalized data.
BEAT Whitepaper

7

2.0 THE BEAT ECOSYSTEM
2.3 The BEAT Concept
Our Ecosystem is developed in order to improve the way that data is shared and stored and to
incentivize staying active and living a healthy lifestyle.
A user downloads the NoExcuse app, and then goes to practice sports or go to the gym. After the
sport session, users get rewarded with BEAT tokens proportional to the exercise they do. Users
can also earn extra BEAT tokens by syncing the app within the 3,000 Magicline sports club
partners, so they can sell their Sports Data. Once the user has earned enough BEAT Tokens, they
will be able to redeem those tokens on marketplaces like bedarf.de or on crypto exchanges.
Earn BEAT through sport

The NoExcuse app lets the user
earn BEAT token for working out
and doing sports

Sync your app with
3.000 Magicline
sport club partners
in Germany as well
as with health &
fitness trackers

Redeem your BEAT
on marketplaces like
Bedarf.de to get
discounts or share
your data with healthcare providers

Companies offer incentives for their employees to go to the gym. This will possibly result in
healthier, more productive, engaged employees, and less likely to miss work for a sick day. The
current ecosystem doesn’t allow these companies to track their employees gym usage. By
implementing the BEAT ecosystem, companies will be given the ability to reward their employees for working out and to subsidize gym costs by paying sports clubs directly in BEAT tokens.
Employee Health Benefits

Company sponsors employees’
fitness goals to
benefit from their
health

BEAT Whitepaper

The NoExcuse app lets the user
earn BEAT token for working out
and doing sports sponsored by the
employer

Sync your app with
3.000 Magicline
sport club partners
in Germany as well
as with health &
fitness trackers

Redeem your BEAT
on marketplaces
like Bedarf.de to get
discounts or share
your data with
healthcare providers

8

THE BEAT ECOSYSTEM
The BEAT ecosystem bridges the gap between Data Providers, (everyday users of the BEAT
platform), and Data Consumers, (the companies, researchers and advertisers who benefit from
access to created fitness data). Users of the NoExcuse app, as well as our other fitness data
management partners, will be able to decide for themselves which data they want to sell for
BEAT tokens. And companies using this data will only have access to the specific data points that
our users allow. No longer will companies have unrestricted access to your health and fitness
data. It’s in the user’s hands to decide where, how and with whom his/her data is shared.
Data Research & Service Providers

Research companies access
health and fitness
data and reward
user with tokens

User gets rewards
with BEAT tokens
from research
and healthcare
companies

Redeem your BEAT
on marketplaces like
Bedarf.de to get discounts or share your
data with healthcare
providers

We recognize the need for safe storage of user health and fitness data. The final component of
our ecosystem is to allow Trusted Third Parties to ensure the accuracy and validity of the data
collected. These parties will use the blockchain for a number of applications such as securing the
data, reviewing the communication between data consumers and providers, collection of data
from fitness wearables or gym equipment, ensuring a safe transference of data to your doctor.
Through blockchain technology we can develop solutions to ensure the immutability and privacy
of the data through these third parties.
The BEAT Blockchain ecosystem bridges Data Providers, Data Consumers, and the Trusted
Third Parties (TTP). It enables users to control their personal data, share it with sports sponsors,
talent scouts, doctors, insurance companies, and unlock the vast potential of their health and
fitness data themselves and the BEAT Ecosystem.

BEAT Whitepaper

9

THE BEAT ECOSYSTEM
2.4 The BEAT Contract
Everyone using the BEAT ecosystem can create smart contracts between themselves. Initially,
this will be a simple contract that outlines the duration and amount of data that you give a data
buyer access to.
In later stages, and depending on legal compliance, users and consumers will also be able to
create contracts that outline uses of the data shared and the benefits that for sharing it. These
benefits could be in the form of services, enhancement of contributed data, additional data of
interest or anything else the Data Consumer and Data Provider agree on.
2.5 The BEAT Blockchain
The BEAT Blockchain holds the health and activity data of users and data consumers to verify the
data stored and track transferred BEAT Tokens. It will also store data about the BEAT Contracts.
2.6 The BEAT Stakeholders
The BEAT Blockchain connects three important groups in the health and fitness space:
Data Provider (users going to the gym, doing sports, and logging them in the NoExcuse App)
Data Consumer (companies, researchers, insurers and advertisers)
Trusted Third Party (TTP) (the platforms where user data is transferred and stored)

We will try to engage key representatives of each of these groups in the BEAT
Foundation so that they can mutually work out the best solution for all parties.
The following description of the functionality reflects the current status of the plans of
MySports GmbH. MySports GmbH does not promise to realize these ideas exactly in the
way as described herein. There are many technical, legal, organizational issues as well
as stakeholder requirements that may change the logic, the functionality and the set-up.

The BEAT Blockchain is built to enable the Data Providers to store their health and activity data
in an anonymous and encrypted way in the BEAT Blockchain. Data Providers will have their own
wallet that contains the only available private key to decrypt and access their stored health and
activity data in a comprehensive way. This means that even if the encryption would fail, the data
would be useless as it cannot be associated with any Data Provider. Health and activity data to be
stored must be already available to be shared in an electronic form shall be generated by digital
tracking devices (e.g. scales, wristbands, electrical resistance measuring devices) or other eligible
equipment.

BEAT Whitepaper

10

THE BEAT ECOSYSTEM
We want to give users the ability to keep a lifelong
record of their health and fitness data, to participate in competitions with their friends, family,
coworkers, or BEAT users around the world, to allow them to upload their data into the NoExcuse
app and earn rewards from sponsors, and to break down the data barriers between doctors and
clinics.
In order to accomplish this, users must store their data on the BEAT blockchain, connect their
wallet to the blockchain, and accept contracts from the people who want to access their health
and fitness data.
We’re tying together users who are creating data with the parties that want access to that data.
Insurance companies who want to reward their customers for being active, doctors offices who
want to digitally access patient data, sports teams scouting potential athletes, or friends and
family who want to motivate and encourage staying active. These parties can store their data on
the BEAT blockchain, connect their wallet to the blockchain, and create contracts with the people
who want to sell or give access to their health and fitness data.
The final stakeholder we’re integrating into the ecosystem are what we call Trusted Third Parties.
Any legal entity that provides the backend systems to capture and verify the data that our users
create and consumers purchase. These parties will record health and fitness data, provide users
with electronic wallets that are completely controlled and owned by the data provider, receive
and send BEAT tokens, and control which data is accessed.
Some ways that BEAT tokens and the BEAT ecosystem could be used are:
A health insurance provider offering a discount for every month in which a sportsperson
performs 10 hours of sports.
A company may incentivise their employees through a health and fitness program. For
example, the program could provide 10 Euro extra pay a month for every hour of sports
performed by an employee and even set a maximum of 100 Euro per month. This could
either go directly to the employee in the form of BEAT tokens or be used to help pay the
cost of a gym membership.
Friends could create fitness and diet challenges together. For example, two friends who
want to lose weight for their summer holiday could challenge on another. They both could
offer a 100 Euro reward for losing 10 kg in 10 months.
MySports GmbH could offer BEAT Token per hour of anonymously collected data in an
effort to support sports and health science.
People or companies could offer BEAT tokens in exchange for data that can be put to		
wards the research of a specific medical illness or disorder.

BEAT Whitepaper

11

THE BEAT ECOSYSTEM
A parent might sponsor their child to motivate them to spend at least an hour a day outside
doing sport instead of watching TV. The parent in turn can track their child’s progress.
A gym could offer special discounts and prizes like free drinks for a week to a participating
member that exercised the most or achieved a decided fitness goal.
A gym could host competitions between fitness instructors to see whose clients burned
the most calories or lost the most weight.
A sports equipment supplier could sponsor for a charitable purpose and learn more about
the activity patterns of their target customers.
A company could donate to a charity on their employees behalf for walking or running a at
least 5 kilometers a day for 10 days during the holiday season.
Exchange of data with and between clinics and doctors without the hassle of printed do
cuments and long waiting times for transport and verification.
Participate in clinical studies by anonymously sending health and activity data either by a
donation basis or in exchange for BEAT tokens.
MySports is in an excellent position to connect the existing ecosystem of the Loyalty Group, the
overarching company behind BEAT, Magicline and NoExcuse, and the BEAT Blockchain.
Because of our continued development of both Magicline software and the NoExcuse app itself.
The NoExcuse App provides sportspeople with a personalized wallet, giving them access to their
gym running on Magicline software. They can use it to transfer training plans, health and
activity data captured in the gym into their personal wallet, identify himself when entering the
gym as well as make payments via bank or credit card. NoExcuse and Magicline will be extended
to meet all missing requirements.
Electronic gym equipment will be able to identify the users based on their connection to the
BEAT Blockchain and store their health and fitness data. Magicline and NoExcuse will cooperate
with partners to make this as seamless as possible.
Training plans built on NoExcuse will define type, length and intensity of the planned activities in
the gym. If users can’t verify their time in the gym using the equipment, they’ll be able to have a
trainer confirm it. Magicline and NoExcuse are being extended to make this process as seamless
as possible. For sports facilities we assume that the digitalization will be a joint effort between
facility manager, equipment provider and sports studio.
In other areas we expect that providers like “Runtastic”, “FitBit”, “Apple-Health”, “Polar” and others
will join our initiative by extending their applications to incorporate the open-source BEAT
Blockchain into their products.
For health use cases, digital data will also be connected to the BEAT Blockchain by partnerships
with relevant players of the appropriate economies like personal management solutions,
Patient Care Devices, medical record, healthcare information and clinic management software
and medical billing services.
BEAT Whitepaper

12

3.0 ABOUT US
3.1 MySports and the Loyalty Group
MySports GmbH („MySports“) will generate and sell the BEAT Tokens. It is registered in the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) Hamburg under the registration number HRB
143916. MySports currently develops and runs the NoExcuse App giving sportspersons access
to their fitness studio for exchanging and monitoring training plans, scheduling courses, reserving
resources and interacting with any representative there. It also provides access to e-commerce
offers utilizing the demand of the sportsperson for sports supplies. The NoExcuse App is available as an Android or IOS app. With the proceeds of the ITS MySports will extend the functionality
of the NoExcuse App to connect to the BEAT Blockchain including a wallet for managing sponsoring contracts and storing and trading BEAT Tokens. Furthermore, MySports will on its own, as
well as with the support of its affiliate Magicline GmbH, develop the BEAT Blockchain to enable
sport facilities to track and verify sport activities reliably, to connect existing digital sports tracking
platforms and to log the verified sport activities information to the BEAT Blockchain.
Loyalty Systems GmbH is the holding company of MySports GmbH. It not only holds 100% of
the shares in MySports GmbH, but also shares in Magicline GmbH, Eurofit24 GmbH and Bedarf.
de GmbH, forming the „Loyalty Group“, which together build an ecosystem for managing sports
facilities.
Magicline GmbH („Magicline“) develops and licenses the cloud software Magicline for managing sports facilities. It is one of the German market leaders for management software in the
fitness industry with more than 3,000 fitness studios in Germany using its software. As far as such
support is required, Magicline GmbH will support MySports GmbH in the development of the
BEAT Blockchain, to enable sports facilities to track and verify sports activities reliably, to connect
existing digital sports tracking platforms and to log the verified sports activities information.
Furthermore, it will extend the functionality of the Magicline software to digitize and verify sports
activities that can then be stored in the BEAT Blockchain.
Eurofit24 GmbH delivers administrative and financial services to owners and managers of sports
facilities. It is an important service provider to those, but without direct impact on the BEAT Blockchain or the BEAT ecosystem.
Bedarf.de GmbH runs the online marketplace Bedarf.de. It bundles the aggregate demand of
around 3,000 fitness studios in Germany to negotiate and help them obtain better contractual
terms for their equipment and various consumable articles. Bedarf.de GmbH will extend its offering to consumers via the NoExcuse app and will support sponsors offering discounts in exchange for BEAT Tokens.

BEAT Whitepaper

13

ABOUT US
3.2 The Team consists of 40 seasoned developers amongst 140 exceptional employees,an experienced management team, obsessively dedicated to the cause, an outstanding CEO and well
connected advisors, all located in the heart of Germany’s second largest city, Hamburg.
Daniel Hanelt CEO, Investor, Serial Entrepreneur
studied computer science and economics from the University of Applied Sciences Wedel. He founded various software development and
operating companies such as SYSVISION GmbH and Magicline GmbH.
He is the CEO of BEAT and is a renowned Serial Entrepreneur and Investor in the Tech and Blockchain space.
Daniel Wischer Chief Product Officer
Daniel loves building great teams and great products. He started as a
developer for individual software development and managed software
projects from small to large. He founded SquareMed, the largest
diabetes community platforms for managing all diabetes related data.
Since the start of the development of the Magicline software he has
been responsible for product management as well as building the product management team. He is excited about bringing more sport and
health to the world as part of the management team of Loyalty Group.
Kjeld Peters Chief Technology Officer
Kjeld started his career as an intern during the dotcom bubble. He
studied computer science afterwards and never left the internet
industry. Kjeld worked in multiple software development teams as an
engineer and manager, responsible for all aspects of operations and
engineering. He managed teams (consisting of 40+ engineers/
developers) and ran platforms with millions of users and revenue.
He acts as the CTO of Loyalty Group.
Jens Kappe Chief Visionary Officer
Jens studied computer science and economics and has more than 18
years of experience in building and operating large scale distributed
web-apps and e-commerce platforms with two-digit million Euro-budget responsibility. Most valuable success so far was the project
leadership of an agile transformation of methodologies, development
and operations within otto.de. He has followed the cryptocurrency
market and developments closely since 2011.

BEAT Whitepaper

14

ABOUT US

Sven Eismann Chief Marketing Officer
Sven was drawn into creating powerful campaigns, brands and networks while he was studying law and was made budget director at ddb
hamburg when working for major clients like German Telekom and
Siemens changing his career path. His heart “beats” passionately for the
digital transformation of society ever since.
Thomas Bartz Chief Financial Officer
Thomas joined the group after climbing the ranks inside the leading
wholesaler of swimming pools in Germany, ultimately becoming commercial director. Prior to this he graduated in economics. He is responsible for the departments Accounting, Finance and Controlling for all
companies of the Loyalty Systems Group.
Carsten Buchberger Chief Human Resources Officer
Carsten has more than 22 years of experience in human resources and
business development. He studied business administration and business engineering and started as a key account manager, then became
part of the management of a typical startup company, founded an
HR-consulting company and joined the human resources department
of TESLA, sourcing and hiring top candidates for a fast-paced tech
environment for one of the most innovative companies in the world. In
2015 he decided to take the once in a lifetime chance and become part
of the revolution at Magicline. He is also one of the authors of the book
„Campus Recruiting“.
Thomas Stämpfli Chairman, Main Investor, Serial Entrepreneur
Thomas is a successful serial entrepreneur having built and sold several engineering driven companies in the DACH region. He heads the
shareholder committee of the Loyalty Group.

Jonas Bading Chief Sales Officer
Jonas, an education banker, has a huge passion for customers. His
success has let him assume team and revenue responsibilities early in
his career, ultimately becoming head of sales at the crowdfunded
startup “Foodist” (achieving a sales increase +1500% in less than 15
months).

BEAT Whitepaper

15

ABOUT US
3.3 Advisors
These proven experts will guide us on our way to change the way people exercise and do sports:
Dennis Weidner CEO at Paranoid Internet & CryptoPioneers
Dennis is a successful entrepreneur and investor who has an extensive experience in cryptocurrencies and blockchain. Being one of the early adopters in the industry, he strongly believes that the world of cryptocurrencies
has a lot of potential to grow in the years to come. Thus, he has made it both
his personal and professional goal to build a working ecosystem for various
tech and blockchain startups on an international scale.
Brian Condenanza Seasoned ICO Advisor, Entrepreneur, Investor
Being one of most successful and influential young entrepreneurs, Brian
is an early investor of Bitcoin and a passionate cryptocurrency and blockchain advocate who has amassed over 1 million followers on Twitter where
he shares future promising ICOs and helps companies connect with their
audience.
Joshuwa Roomsburg Cryptocurrency Marketing Advisor
Josh spent 10 years working with some of the biggest athletes and celebrities to build their brands online. He now uses his experience to support the
crypto industry. Within the next year he is likely to become a top 10 face
in the crypto industry by working with some of the biggest projects using
blockchain technology.
Simon Cocking Editor, Founder, Investor, Speaker
Considered one of the Top 100 influential people in Blockchain, award-winning entrepreneur, writer and journalist Simon Cocking has made an impact
in Ireland and beyond borders. Aside from being the Senior Editor at Irish
Tech News and Editor-in-Chief at CryptoCoinNews, he is also a business
mentor, advisor and a reputable tech influencer, having worked with more
than twenty successful ICOs to date.

BEAT Whitepaper

16

4.0 THE BEAT FOUNDATION
The BEAT Foundation will be incorporated by MySports which will make the code of the BEAT
Blockchain open source. Furthermore, it will offer all engineers of MySports to work for the BEAT
Foundation instead of MySports. It will be responsible for the further development and operation
of the BEAT Blockchain.
The BEAT Foundation will be controlled by 9 board members who shall be representing an equal
proportion of three different stakeholders („Stakeholders“): the Data Consumers, the Data Providers and the Trusted Third Party. The process to determine the representative of each stakeholder shall be discussed and determined with the stakeholders after the start of the ITS. MySports
will have one representative on that board. The purpose and the mandate of the BEAT Foundation can only be changed with an unanimous vote of all board members. The board selection
committee is obliged to recruit board members from the largest representation of each stakeholder in a transparent way. MySports will discuss with the Stakeholders the legal form and legal
seat of the BEAT Foundation after the ITS and incorporate the BEAT Foundation in accordance
with the results of such discussions. Therefore, the name BEAT Foundation is a working title. It is
not certain that we can use this name once the final legal form has been chosen.
The core purpose of the BEAT Foundation is the enhancement of the open source BEAT Blockchain and the development of the ecosystem for the digitalization of health and activity data.
Additionally, the BEAT Foundation will sponsor sports and associated activities like sports science and research. The BEAT Foundation will not distribute any proceeds to its owners, founding
or board members, or any other associate organization besides a fair compensation for services
rendered to the BEAT Foundation. The BEAT Foundation has a clear mandate as outlined in this
document to which it is bound. The board of the foundation will develop a detailed organizational
charter on who (board, CEO) may decide on which issue.
The key decision-making competences of the board are:
The funding of third party infrastructure developments
The recruitment and compensation of a software development team for the
BEAT Blockchain and organizational and marketing staff.
The outsourcing of any of the required activities to third parties
The setting of prices for BEAT Contract services.
The licensing of infrastructure providers to participate in and have access to the BEAT 		
Blockchain, including their oversight.
The acceptance of Data Consumers to participate in and access the BEAT Blockchain and
oversight of their activities and suitability
Setting the priorities of the BEAT Blockchain development according to the needs of the
Stakeholders.
Purchasing BEAT Tokens on the secondary market to fulfill Data Consumer’s demand.
BEAT Whitepaper

17

THE BEAT FOUNDATION
4.1 OVERVIEW The BEAT Foundation will receive 50% of the BEAT Tokens payed for the
execution of a BEAT Contract by Data Consumers.

It is only allowed to sell back these BEAT Tokens to Data Consumers. Sale on the secondary market is prohibited.

BEAT Whitepaper

18

5.0 THE INITIAL BEAT TOKEN SALE
5.1 Economics and Allocation of the BEAT Token
The BEAT Tokens are generated by the Ethereum Smart Contract ERC20 (the „Smart Contract“).
The Smart Contract is set-up by MySports. The number of BEAT Tokens is capped at 5 billion.
The tokens will be generated and distributed as follows:
Up to 3.5 billion (70%) BEAT Tokens may be sold in the ITS from January 23rd to July 15th
2018. The proceeds are going to MySports.
		
All unsold BEAT Tokens will be burned after the end of the ITS and might lead to a
		
total supply less than 5 billion BEAT Tokens.
Up to 485 million (9.7%) BEAT Tokens may be used by MySports for bounty, bonus,
marketing and referral programs before and during the ITS.
		
All BEAT Tokens not sold remain with MySports and can be used for further
		
business development after the end of the ITS.
215 million (4.3%) BEAT Tokens are transferred to founders of MySports and team
members after a lock-up period of 2 years.
800 million (16%) BEAT Tokens remain with MySports for business development
perspectives to support future additions to the whole ecosystem. Some part of these 		
BEAT Tokens will be used for the first real world use case of BEAT for sponsoring
sportspersons. After the BEAT Blockchain has been established and is running, MySports
will offer a first BEAT Contract to every sports person in the BEAT Ecosystem to reward
them for doing sports. The sportsperson receiving the BEAT Token can use it in exchange
for favors/services or goods of other Data Consumers participating in the BEAT Blockchain
and the BEAT Ecosystem or trade the BEAT Token on a secondary market.

BEAT Whitepaper

19

THE INITIAL BEAT TOKEN SALE
5.2 Initial Token Sale Bonus Structure
During the ITS that runs from January 23rd, 2018 to July 15th, 2018, purchasers of BEAT Tokens
may be granted variable amounts of bonus tokens in addition to the purchased BEAT Tokens
for free. As you can see in the following bonus structure, bonus tokens are distributed based on
purchase date or successful referrals.
From January 23rd, 2018 to February 20th, 2018 a 100% bonus in BEAT Tokens will be
added.
From February 20th, 2018 to March 13rd, 2018 all buyers will receive a 75% bonus of BEAT
Tokens.
From March 13th, until May 15th, 2018 the token price will increase 0.001 EUR weekly until it
reaches its final price of 0.019 EUR on May 15, 2018. This price will be applied to any further
bonuses for the duration of the sale.
On 15 May, 2018 all existing buyers will be rewarded with a 50% bonus for all tokens they
purchased during the ITS due to the extension of the token sale. Referrals and bonuses
made prior to this date are calculated at their original amounts and will not be eligible for
bonus tokens.
From May 15 to June 1, 2018 a new referral and bonus system will be implemented.
From June 1 through July 15, 2018, buyers who purchase tokens before June 1, 2018 can
purchase additional tokens at a 100% bonus in their buyer dashboard. When they log in
they will also receive a unique referral link that will provide a 100% bonus to anyone who
purchases through that link (0.0095 EUR instead of the original price of 0.019 EUR).
If any of their referrals purchase BEAT tokens, the link sharer will receive 50% of their
referrals purchase amount, based on the original price of 0.019 EUR, in BEAT tokens.
Further, the original link sharer will also receive a 25% share, based on the original price of
0.019 EUR, in BEAT tokens, for any second level referral (referrals of referrals).
MySports GmbH reserves the right to end, temporarily pause or adjust the referral bonus
structure at any time. So keep logging into your purchaser dashboard from time to time!
From June 1 through July 15, 2018, new purchasers of BEAT tokens will receive a referral
link that will give them a 25% referral bonus on any tokens their referrals buy.
From June 1 through July 15, 2018, small call to action bonuses will be implemented. If you
don’t want to wait for these bonuses, you’ll have to ask your friends if they’ve already joined
the BEAT revolution to share their referral link with you (a win-win situation for both!).
Otherwise, stay tuned for the World Cup!

BEAT Whitepaper

20

THE INITIAL BEAT TOKEN SALE
5.3 The Generation and the Price for BEAT Tokens
The sale and generation of the BEAT Tokens will be realized over different venues:
A buyer may pay for BEAT Tokens sending the cryptocurrency Ether to the smart contract
on the Ethereum platform and will receive the appropriate amount of BEAT Tokens in his
wallet. However, before the BEAT Tokens are transferred to his wallet, he has to pass our
KYC process. Further details of the KYC process and the process are stipulated in the T&C.
A buyer may also pay in Euros for a BEAT Token transferring the Euros to our bank account
and will receive the appropriate amount of BEAT Tokens in his wallet. However, before the
BEAT Tokens are transferred to his wallet, he has to pass our KYC process. Further details
of the KYC process and the process are stipulated in the T&C.
Independent from the venue a BEAT Token will cost at least 1 Euro-Cent. The Ether sent to the
smart contract will be converted to a BEAT Token according to the average actual value derived
from www.cryptocompare.com.
The price for one BEAT Token will increase over time during the ITS:
		

From 2018-01-23, 12:00 CET to 2018-03-13, 12:00 CET = 1 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-03-13, 12:00 CET to 2018-03-20, 12:00 CET = 1.1 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-03-20, 12:00 CET to 2018-03-27, 12:00 CEST = 1.2 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-03-27, 12:00 CEST to 2018-04-03, 12:00 CEST = 1.3 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-04-03, 12:00 CEST to 2018-04-10, 12:00 CEST = 1.4 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-04-10, 12:00 CEST to 2018-04-17, 12:00 CEST = 1.5 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-04-17, 12:00 CEST to 2018-04-24, 12:00 CEST = 1.6 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-04-24, 12:00 CEST to 2018-05-01, 12:00 CEST = 1.7 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-05-01, 12:00 CEST to 2018-05-08, 12:00 CEST = 1.8 Euro-Cent

		

From 2018-05-08, 12:00 CEST to 2018-07-15, 23:59 CEST = 1.9 Euro-Cent

BEAT Whitepaper

21

THE INITIAL BEAT TOKEN SALE
5.4 The Demand for BEAT Tokens
The demand for BEAT Tokens will result from their use in consumption, storage and benefits:
Consumption
We expect the participants in the BEAT Ecosystem will accept BEAT Tokens as payment
for a large variety of services and goods. The following list shows just some examples of
what could happen. Of course, no participant is required to do so except the
BEAT Foundation.
		
Gyms could f.e. accept BEAT Tokens for any consumption in their gym removing the
		
need for cash.
		
Equipment Providers could accept BEAT Tokens for discounts or as payment for
		
their sports equipment sales. Or an equipment provider may give discounts to a 		
		
gym that uses BEAT tokens in exchange for access to the data people generate
		
when working out on their equipment
		
The BEAT Foundation will accept BEAT Tokens to pay for the contract access.
		
Fitness instructors and trainers could accept BEAT tokens for their services in con
		
junction with the NoExcuse app for their scheduling.
Storage
We expect that BEAT Tokens sold in the ITS are purchased by future Data Providers 		
as well as Data Consumers and will be held by them until they can use them in the 		
BEAT Ecosystem and trade them for benefits.
Benefits
Because the BEAT Contract supports the transfer for BEAT Tokens between Data
Providers and Data Consumers, we assume many contracts in the segment of sports 		
sponsoring will agree on benefits to be paid as rewards to access health and activity data
in BEAT Tokens.
		

Gyms can provide discounts to their most loyal customers.

		
		

Gyms and fitness locations can optimize contract renewals through the No Excuse
app and gain access to higher quality levels of data.

		

An organized system for a company to support an entire fitness initiative.

		
		

Insurance companies can have greater access to their clients data. Allowing them
to better understand their customers and extend benefits for healthy lifestyles.

		
		
		

Charitable institutions can set up donation campaigns through individual
sponsorships. For example, people can donate to a charitable institution upon a 		
individual‘s behalf in exchange for every mile they run.

		
		

Freelance fitness instructors or trainers can have a system for scheduling and client
payment with BEAT.

BEAT Whitepaper

22

THE INITIAL BEAT TOKEN SALE
		
		

By harnessing the data people create every day, medical research institutions can
purchase or acquire a flood of health/fitness data to be used to further their studies.

		
		
		

Individuals can safely store their medical data and files on the BEAT blockchain. 		
Allowing them to easily transfer their important files between specific doctors or
hospitals.

To simplify balancing between supply and demand of BEAT Tokens MySports will try to list the
BEAT Token on various select cryptocurrency exchanges.
5.5 The Potential Rewards for Purchasing BEAT Tokens
Idealistically
The reward is to make a (financial) commitment to help disrupting the health and 		
sports industry by unleashing the value of verified health and activity data using 			
cutting edge blockchain technology
Financially
MySports designed the supply restriction of the BEAT Tokens carefully so that the 		
demand would naturally exceed the availability of BEAT Tokens and thereby ensure 		
a steady price increase. My Sports believes in this as a valid approach, because it is 		
designed to compensate those taking the risk to buy a utility token for a service not 		
yet existing with no right to return it, should the service never become available. 			
However, as mentioned above, there is no guarantee this will happen.

BEAT Whitepaper

23

THE INITIAL BEAT TOKEN SALE
5.6 The Use of Initial Token Sale Proceeds
The proceeds of the ITS are in the first instance used to pay all taxes incurred by the ITS. At this
stage we estimate that there will be no taxes payable for the issuance of the BEAT Tokens.
However, there is no assurance for this
assessment as the taxation of the creation
and sale of tokens is still unclear from a legal
perspective. The remaining funds are used
to finance the development of the BEAT
Blockchain and the ecosystem providing
verified health and activity data to the BEAT
Blockchain serving as a showcase covering
some basic use cases in the area of fitness
and sports. For this, the Magicline software
managing sports facilities in combination
with the MySports App NoExcuse which
gives the sportsperson access to sports
facilities, are well positioned to track, verify
and deliver the required sports activity data
to the BEAT Blockchain and will therefore be
enhanced and further developed with the
proceeds of the ITS.

BEAT Whitepaper

In addition, the NoExcuse App will be improved with additional features relating to
MySports GmbH offering Data Providers
discounts in exchange for BEAT Tokens.
MySports, together with its affiliate Magicline
GmbH, will develop the applications mentioned in this whitepaper with the proceeds
of the ITS. While MySports will keep the
extensions to the sports facility software in
private ownership it will release the software
developed for the BEAT Blockchain as open
source and let the BEAT Foundation take
over the further development of the BEAT
Blockchain once it is operational.
At least of 35% of the proceeds of the ITS will
be dedicated to each of the two applications
to be developed. The remaining funds may
be used for various purposes like marketing,
legal costs, etc
.
24

6.0 MILESTONES AND ROADMAP (TENTATIVE)

2014
Magicline 2.0: Start of development to digitize sports facility
management, Decision to replace existing market leading sports 		
facility management software in MS-Access with a cloud solution.

2015-16
Development of the ecosystem to digitize sports facility
management;
Incorporation of Eurofit24 GmbH to provide financial services
currently managing volume of 50 million Euro of receivables per 		
year. Incorporation of Bedarf.de GmbH and MySports GmbH to 			
provide a role model for e-commerce, Start of the development of
the app „NoExcuse“ by MySports Magicline 2.0 has been
developed by a team of 140 employees

2017
Magicline 2.0 is released; 3,000 customers are migrated to
Magicline 2.0 which becomes a full success
Release of the first version of the NoExcuse app, being part of the
customer interface for people to interact with their sports
providers, as e.g. fitnessstudios

2018
BEAT ITS launches
Publication of an enhanced version of NoExcuse

2019 			
Roll-out of the BEAT Ecosystem in Germany

Starting 2020
Roll-out of the BEAT Ecosystem to the world

BEAT Whitepaper

25

MILESTONES AND ROADMAP (TENTATIVE)
The speed of realization of the roll-out of the BEAT Ecosystem will depend strongly on the success of the ITS and the funds received by the ITS:
If the ITS reach the following intermediates, MySports GmbH is planning the following:
1.500.000 EUR - Enhance BEAT Ecosystem
2.500.000 EUR - Push Mobile-App Development
3.500.000 EUR - Start Development of BEAT Testnet
4.500.000 EUR - Launch BEAT Open Source Community
5.500.000 EUR - Start First Sports Sponsoring Use Case
6.500.000 EUR - Prepare BEAT Foundation
> 7.500.000 EUR - Start First Health Use Case
Minimum:
Reduced BEAT Blockchain functionality with one sponsoring contract
NoExcuse is the only client of the BEAT Blockchain.
Every sportsperson in NoExcuse has the option to receive BEAT Tokens for sports activites
Magicline will be able to handle BEAT Tokens.
Founding of BEAT Foundation will be postponed.
MySports GmbH will operate the BEAT Ecosystem.
Average and maximum functionality will follow later
Average:
Reduced BEAT Blockchain functionality with basic access to health and activity data
features.
Basic features for access to health and activity data are integrated into Magicline.
Multiple contracts are possible.
Access for other clients besides NoExcuse to the BEAT Blockchain limited to integrated
partners of Magicline.
Founding of BEAT Foundation will be pursued closely after the token sale.
Maximum functionality will follow later.
Maximum:
Everything described in the whitepaper will be executed.

BEAT Whitepaper

26

7.0 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
7.1 Press Coverage
There are various articles in the German press about development, products, services,
mindset and our successes of the Loyalty Group so far:
Crypto Press:
Cryptoticker Report: Companys pays you to do sports
Cryptoticker Report: Beat token sports data
Digital transformation:
Bodylife Report: Digitalisierung in der Fitnessbranche
E-commerce:
Fitness und Gesundheit Report: Personalization
Fitness und Gesundheit Report: Digital Plattforms
Marketing:
Fitness und Gesundheit Report: Club Concept
FinTech:
Fitness und Gesundheit Report: 100 Billion Euro in 3 years

Magicline GmbH booth
at Fibo 2017 fair
https://www.fibo.com
the world’s largest
international trade show
for fitness, wellness and
health

Studio Management with Magicline:
Fitness und Gesundheit Report: Magicline
Fitness und Gesundheit Report: Software-Developing
Fitness und Gesundheit Report: Kind of Magic

In 2017, Magicline GmbH won the annual award of the
German body LIFE Award for best market performance
in the category IT/Software. This was the 17th time in a
row we gained this prestigious price

BEAT Whitepaper

27

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
7.2 The Partner Network of Magicline
GANTNER is the leading international manufacturer of contactless NFC
access control, electronic locking and cashless payment applications for
the global leisure industry. GANTNER systems can be found in fitness clubs,
attraction and water parks, public pools and spas, ski resorts, commercial
applications, as well as educational and healthcare institutions. Throughout
the world, GANTNER counts many of the most prestigious leisure facilities
among its clients

GoCardless is creating a new international payments network to rival credit
and debit cards. GoCardless ambition is to break down barriers so businesses can quickly and easily take payments from anyone, anywhere in the
world. GoCardless currently processes £3 billion worth of transactions for
over 30,000 organizations across the UK and Europe and is growing fast.

Life Fitness has been dedicated to creating fitness solutions that benefit
both facilities and exercisers for more than 45 years. Life Fitness mission to
keep people active started with the Lifecycle exercise bike and continues
with the widest range of cardio, strength and group training products in the
fitness industry.

Matrix Fitness is a global leader in commercial fitness products. They offer
cardio, strength and group training equipment, innovative technology, and
unique programming. Matrix is among the world’s premier – and fastest-growing – commercial fitness brands.

InBody is the global leader in the body composition analysis industry with
world class technological advancements.

BEAT Whitepaper

28

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
7.3 Switch of Blockchain
The BEAT Token is a standard ERC-20 token that can be used by multiple wallets and trading
platforms.
The BEAT Token smart contract and the crowd sale smart contract is publicly available for auditing before the launch of the ITS at the address: https://github.com/beat-its/smart-contracts
The BEAT Token will comply with the ERC-20 standard and will be freely transferable on the
Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum was the natural choice for this project due to its wide adoption
and industry standard for issuing custom digital assets. The compatibility with the ERC-20 standard leverages the existing infrastructure advantages of the Ethereum ecosystem, namely in
terms of development tools, wallets, exchanges, and human resource expertise.
MySports will probably migrate the ERC-20 based tokens (the “Pre-existing Tokens”) to another
protocol and generate replacement tokens on the new protocol (the “Replacement Tokens”) in
the future.
Owners of Pre-existing Tokens will be incentivized to convert their Pre-existing Tokens to Replacement Tokens, since the practical utility of Pre-existing Tokens will likely diminish rapidly once
the Replacement Tokens are created and are in use by a significant portion of the ecosystem
participants.
7.4 Wallet Setup
To see your ERC-20 based BEAT Token in your wallet just add the BEAT Token with these details:
Token Contract Address: 0x2fb12bccf6f5dd338b76be784a93ade072425690
Token Symbol: BEAT
Decimals: 18
7.5 Security
Our system is designed to take into account recent events of wallet theft and phishing during
initial coin offering campaigns. This will be mitigated by converting a significant amount of the ITS
to fiat currency whenever possible.
MySports will also continuously monitor for phishing sites and will alert all Data Providers and
purchasers of the ITS through press releases and newsletters. We will communicate official information regarding wallet addresses only through email to registered members of the ITS.
Our operating strategy includes periodical contact with Data Providers and purchases of the
BEAT Token through a mailing list and/or newsletter, in order to keep them updated on the
current status of development, marketing, clients, and revenue. This strategy allows us to obtain
feedback from Data Providers and purchases of the BEAT Token and keep them updated with
the most recent news and developments

BEAT Whitepaper

29

8.0 LEGAL NOTE
BEFORE PURCHASING ANY BEAT TOKENS PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS AS
WELL AS THE “TOKEN SALE TERMS & CONDITIONS” („T&C“) CAREFULLY.
Any agreement between the MySports and you as a Participant in relation to any sale and
purchase of BEAT Tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by and only by a
separate document, the Token Sale Terms & Conditions („T&C“), setting out the applicable terms
& conditions. In the event of any inconsistencies between any of the T&Cs and this Whitepaper,
the T&C shall prevail.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced or distributed without this section and the following sections entitled “Legal Nature of BEAT Tokens”, „No Offer of Securities or Registration“,
„Distribution and Sales Restrictions“, “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, “Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and Industry Information and No Consent of Other
Persons”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, and “Risks and Uncertainties”.
Legal Nature of BEAT Tokens
BEAT Tokens are not intended to constitute securities or any other form of capital investment product in any jurisdiction. They do not grant any rights in any company, any dividends, any payment
of interest, any profit participation or any other remuneration for the provision of capital. They only
represent a claim for performance of the Participant in the BEAT Blockchain which still has to be
developed and put into operation as described in this Whitepaper. The services and features of
the BEAT Blockchain described in this Whitepaper are subject to change in the sole discretion of
the MySports.
BEAT Tokens cannot be cashed in at MySports and MySports is generally not obliged to redeem
any BEAT Tokens against cash.
No Offer of Securities or Registration
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or any other form of capital investment product or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or any
other form of capital investment product or a solicitation for investment in securities or any other
form of capital investment product in jurisdiction. This Whitepaper is also not intended to constitute a solicitation for investment in securities or any other form of capital investment product in
any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper has not been filed with or approved by any regulatory authority
in any jurisdiction. No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set
out in this Whitepaper, nor was such examination or approval sought. No such action has been or
will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction.

BEAT Whitepaper

30

LEGAL NOTE
Distribution and Sales Restrictions
The publication, delivery, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, a summary or other
description of the terms contained in this Whitepaper or other informational documents on the
White Paper may be subject to the provisions of (in particular restrictions pursuant to) the laws
and regulations of jurisdictions other than those of Germany. A publication pursuant to the laws
and regulations of jurisdictions other than those of Germany is not intended. MySports does not
authorize that this Whitepaper, a summary or any other description of the terms contained in this
Whitepaper or other informational documents on the BEAT Token sale are directly or indirectly
published, distributed or circulated by third parties outside Germany, if and insofar as this is not in
compliance with applicable foreign regulations, or depends on the compliance with official procedures or issuance of authorizations or any other legal requirements, and such conditions are
not fulfilled.
Persons are not eligible and are not to purchase any BEAT Token if they are citizens, residents (tax
or otherwise) or green card holders of the United States of America, People’s Republic of China
or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore, Socialist Republic of Vietnam, Japan, Australia or resident of a country where American embargoes and sanctions are in force, namely Iran,
North Korea, Syria, Sudan, or Cuba or any other geographic area in which the purchase of BEAT
Tokens is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act.
Disclaimer of Liabilities
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, MySports shall
not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of
use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper
or any part thereof.
No Representations and Warranties
MySports does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty
or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information
set out in this Whitepaper. The only binding documents are the T&C.

BEAT Whitepaper

31

LEGAL NOTE
Forward Looking Statements
This Whitepaper contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are statements that do not relate to historical facts and events. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Whitepaper concerning the set-up and the operation of the BEAT Blockchain,
its capacities and services, as well as general economic and regulatory conditions and other
factors MySports is exposed to. Forward-looking statements are based on current estimates
and assumptions of MySports made according to the best of the MySports knowledge. Such
forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may lead to
MySports actual plan to build and set up the BEAT Blockchain and the services related thereto
differing materially from those explicitly or implicitly assumed or described in such forward-looking statements. The setup of the BEAT Blockchain is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could also cause a forward-looking statement, estimate, or prediction to become inaccurate.
For this reason Participants are strongly advised to read the section “Risk Factors” stipulated in the
T&C, which include a more detailed description of such factors that have an impact on the realisation and set-up of the BEAT Blockchain and its operation. In consideration of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions, it is possible that the future events mentioned in this Whitepaper may
not occur. Moreover, it has to be noted that the forward-looking estimates and forecasts reproduced in this Whitepaper from third-parties [1] may prove to be inaccurate. Moreover, My Sports
does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements or to bring these
forward-looking statements into line with future events or developments.
The statements contained in this Whitepaper may include statements of future expectations
and other forward-looking statements that are based on MySports current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the setup and
the operation of the BEAT Blockchain to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such
statements. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”,
“target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”,
“probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not
the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements.

BEAT Whitepaper

32

LEGAL NOTE
Market and Industry Information and no Consent of Other Persons
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research,
publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market
research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information
that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no
assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included information. Save for MySports
and its directors, executive officers and employees, no person has provided his consent to the
inclusion of his name and/or other information attributed or perceived to be attributed to such
person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by
such person and such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. While
MySports has taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately
and in its proper context, MySports has not conducted any independent review of the information
extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or
ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither
MySports nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any
representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not
be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
No Advice
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to, or any solicitation of any offer by MySports to purchase any BEAT Token nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of
its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment
decision. No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial
or tax advice regarding the BEAT Token and the sale of the BEAT Tokens. Each potential Participant should consult its own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding the operation of the BEAT Blockchain, the BEAT Token and the sale of the BEAT Tokens.
No further Information Update
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in
this Whitepaper in connection with the BEAT Token, the BEAT Blockchain and the sale of the
BEAT Tokens and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having
been authorized by or on behalf of MySports. The sale of the BEAT Tokens shall not, under any
circumstances, constitute a continuing representation that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the set-up and operation of the BEAT
Blockchain, the services in connection therewith or in any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof.

BEAT Whitepaper

33

LEGAL NOTE
Risks and Uncertainties
The purchase of BEAT Tokens is associated with significant risks and may lead to the loss of the
contributed amount. There is no income, earning or return related to BEAT Token. The tradability
of a BEAT Token is unclear and might be very limited. The set-up and the operation of the BEAT
Blockchain are subject to risks and uncertainties. In particular, economic and political/regulatory
risks may influence the BEAT Token, the BEAT Blockchain and the usage of the BEAT Token (up
to the non-tradability and worthlessness). Prospective Participants of BEAT Token sale should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the set-up and operation
of the BEAT Blockchain, all information set out in this Whitepaper and in more detail in the T&Cs
prior to any purchase of BEAT Tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties materializes, the setup, operation of the BEAT Blockchain, the services and the future use of the BEAT Tokens could
be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, Participants may lose all or part of the value
of the BEAT Tokens.

BEAT Whitepaper

34

9.0 APPENDIX

Whitepaper
BEAT ICO

beat.org

MySports GmbH
Schauenburgerstraße 6
20095 Hamburg
V1.4

BEAT Whitepaper

35

