1

2

Contents
Executive Summary

3

Crux of the Blockchain Technology

5

Perks of Blockchain Technology

6

Digital Economy - The Nucleus of Traditional Economy

9

How Digital Economy Benefits us

9

How Cryptocurrency Changed the World

10

Growth of Bitcoin

11

Bitcoin vs. Altcoins

12

Problem Statement

13

Beldex - Much Needed Solution

13

What does BELDEX do?

16

Unique Features of BELDEX Privacy Coins

17

How is it different from other currencies?

21

Beldex

22

Road Map

22

AI Decentralized Exchange

26

Cryptocurrency exchange

27

Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform

29

Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchange- The Future

30

Advanced P2P Architecture

33

P2P Comparison Table:

34

Artificial Intelligence – Autonomous Agents

36

Atomic Swap

39

BELDEX Debit Card

45

Conclusion

46

3
World’s Adaptive Cryptocurrency Ecosystem

Executive Summary
In today’s scenario, ICO projects are involved in providing various essential requirements like coins,
exchange platform, wallet, and payment cards for trading and other business purposes. But 90% of
them get to involve only in delivering either one or two of the above-mentioned services as of today’s
date. Delivering a single requirement module or two makes no difference and still forces the ICO
players to get dependent on the third-parties either way.
BELDEX as a complete ICO servicing platform has come up with the ideology of providing all the
required solution to the existing blockchain players today. We have arisen as a one-stop solution
provider who delivers all the four main modules in a most secured way. The primary intention of
BELDEX is to bring in these services in our day-to-day usage and to increase its utility in every industry.
BELDEX possess a complete cryptocurrency ecosystem where we have designed and developed the
most flexible and transact able crypto coin which possesses all the required features in it to carry out
the virtual trading. The coin can be used in a best possible way so that it can able to be transacted in
a highly secured manner. This is achieved by storing these coins in a most secured wallet and the best
platform to carry out the exchange and other trading activities.
The wallet developed by BELDEX possesses the feature of multi-level security in it and its security code
is unbreakable at any point. The wallet only holds the information about the amount stored in it and
the location where it is stored is non-traceable. Even the users can utilize those coins only during the
time of trading. To make it practically applicable we have included the SePe security system in our
wallet.
As an advanced solution provider BELDEX, make sure that it uses the best platform model to carry out
the transaction. As of now, decentralized exchange platform is the highly preferred one to carry any
cryptocurrency related transaction. This platform ensures greater security for the complete
transaction moreover; it also makes sure that these transactions take place without the interference
of third parties imposing unnecessary charges on the users. As any kind of decentralized exchange
requires advanced P2P architecture for support, we at BELDEX make sure it is integrated in a best
possible way.

4
Most importantly BELDEX has also developed a payment card through with a sole intention of making
it user-friendly as best as possible. This payment card is highly capable of accepting major
cryptocurrencies evolving in the market. The incorporated Decentralized exchange platform is
powered by Atomic Swap method, which helps to carry out the transaction and trading between any
two cryptocurrencies directly. The user-friendliness is highly enabled in such a way that it can be used
in day to day activities.

OUR VISION

●
●
●

●
●

To help customers who use the crypto wallet through providing them with the assistive
support of avoiding third parties for transactions and trading using crypto wallets.
To simplify the overall trading through BELDEX payment card usage.
To provide highly secured BELDEX exchange web wallet using SePe Security system (a soft
cold storage which is initiated only by AI agent) to store and utilize any cryptocurrency in a
best possible way.
To develop an exclusive coin for BELDEX, by integrating all the necessary advanced features in
it.
To increase the value of the coin developed for BELDEX.

OUR MISSION

●
●

To create a proper awareness of Blockchain Technology among people who belong to
diversified demography.
To make the cryptocurrency trading and transaction process as much easier one.

5

Crux of the Blockchain Technology
For us to give the readers a better understanding about the technology that BELDEX uses, we have
included information about what blockchain is and its functionalities. Blockchain is used to keep a
track of transactions that happens in cryptocurrencies. BELDEX utilizes this technology to keep a track
of the funds sent and received by any individual or a group across the borders. In simple language, a
record of new transactions is called a block with respect to cryptocurrencies. In general, it can be
anything from personal data, medical details or even voting records. On completion of every block it
is added to the chain which forms blockchain.
Cryptocurrency use blockchain technology to secure their database or transactions which is a ledger
made up of blocks. This type of technology uses cryptography that is the mastermind behind the
securement of data. A blockchain is a growing list of records that are linked using cryptographic
algorithm. It avoids third parties or intermediaries and incorporates direct transactions between
individuals.

BELDEX uses this technology to keep a track of the transactions and exchanges that happen in its
native exchange platform. Since cryptos are encrypted, processing any transaction means to solve
difficult math problems. The process is referred as mining and the reward that a person gets is called
block reward.

6

Perks of Blockchain Technology
There are many advantages of using the Blockchain Technology, some of them are
● Decentralization
The network is free of intermediaries. One does not need to depend upon third party to authenticate
the transaction. It is peer-peer transaction and transparent.
● Faster Dealings
In this fast-paced world, transactions via blockchain are extremely quick. It does not include lengthy
process for verification.
● Cost Saving
Since this model does not involve third parties it saves expenses and expands productivity.
● Irreversible transactions
Once the transactions are recorded in the ledger, it cannot be reversed. This is seen as a benefit for
storing huge amount of data.
● Blockchain technology is expected to boom in Asia
This technology is experiencing a rise in investors, especially in North America. China has shown a huge
response in this technology and is developing on it. Chinese investors have started to invest more than
$1.7 million in it and it is predicted to increase at huge levels in the Asian community.
● Government might intervene in this invention
There is one institution that might benefit from the growth of this technology - Government. With
blockchain technology consisting of secure methods of storing data and transmitting funds, the
government might be able to use it for the welfare of people for instance to secure the data submitted
by the public to the government.
● Coins might take over Fiat currencies
With the enormous growth in cryptocurrencies, the world might run on coins in a few years. Countries
are slowly and steadily planning for regulatory services for cryptocurrency exchanges.
● Other industries might collaborate with this technology
One industry that is booming right now is the education sector. With increasing innovation in
blockchain technology, this sector might do wonders if it embraces this technology at the earliest. The
data is secure; transparent which proves beneficial for all.

7

Features of Blockchain Technology
Some of the features in this technology are imminent. They provide relief to millions of businesses
and individuals.
● Immutable
Transactions recorded on a blockchain cannot be changed or erased. The blocks are time stamped and
the previous blocks are linked. The details of who owned it, state of origin and its usage will be known.
● Ring Signature
Anybody can sign on behalf of an individual without revealing their identity. They use cryptographic
protocols to create these exclusive features.
● Zero Knowledge Proof
This method pertains to the party knowing the information but not needing to disclose it. There is no
need for any kind of proof in this type of technology.
● Cloud server
The cloud server acts as a support system and stores huge amount of data.
● Blockchains are permissible
This feature is great for businesses who want certain individuals to access confidential information.
With this, one can set who can participate and in what capacity.

8

9

Digital Economy - The Nucleus of Traditional Economy
Widely known by the names- internet economy, new economy or web economy, the digital computing
technology is known as digital economy. It includes E-commerce (online purchase of goods and
services) and E-business (Online platform and infrastructure for commercial transactions).
In 2012, $4.2 trillion USD was assessed as the growth of digital economy of G20 countries. With the
onset of online purchases, cryptocurrencies became the right solution to uplift digital economy.

How Digital Economy Benefits us
Digital economy is transforming business models, policy landscape and enabling innovative
businesses. The rapid growth in Digital technology, Digital economy, and Cryptocurrencies are the
backbone of fourth IT revolution.

10
How digitization came into being
For ages, the digital world has been evolving. Businesses are going through a digital transformation.
21st century has been witnessing change in behaviour amongst individuals. Everything from health,
education to purchases has become online. The digitization has led us to transform physical items into
data on computers.
Nuts and Bolts of Cryptocurrencies
Cryptocurrency is a digital asset that uses cryptography system and acts as a digital monetary unit.
This system uses private keys to operate instead of passwords. Bitcoin is the first cryptocurrency. It
works as a peer-peer network which means individuals can send or receive transactions without third
party involvement. The major drawback for people wanting to protect their privacy is that
cryptography uses blockchain technology, a public ledger where all the transactions are visible to
everyone on the network. Privacy was an attribute to worry. Hence, we wanted to create privacy coins.

How Cryptocurrency Changed the World
Cryptocurrencies are gaining a lot of attention worldwide. Apart from business tycoons investing in
these currencies, it is believed that 30% of investors between the age group 18-34 prefer
Cryptocurrencies over Traditional investment methods. Data suggests that in the coming years, more
and more young investors will become a part of the domain.
The growing power of internet has led to the development of virtual currencies. The main goal of
cryptocurrency is to eliminate third party involvement and provide a direct and transparent
transaction between individuals. As companies are persevering to maintain customer relations and
increasing the use of online purchases, which the millennial have a huge control overhas paved way
for Cryptocurrencies. Cryptocurrencies are the easy and smart way to pay and transfer.
The statistics reveal the user trends which are expected to skyrocket at $52301 million by 2022. By
2021, the global online sales are expected to amount $4.48 trillion. 2017 witnessed 1.66 billion
purchases from people around the world.
Some of the trends to watch out in this market are
●
●
●

The number of participators in the crypto market is prone to a sharp rise.
Nearly 2.9 million - 5.8 million use cryptocurrency wallets are expected to increase.
More than 53% users made online purchases and this is expected to grow.

11

Cryptocurrencies have replaced the traditional means of payment methods. They have reduced the
transaction costs and made the process easier. To use cryptocurrencies, one needs to possess a
computer or a smartphone and they can download the wallet for no fee. Companies have started
accepting cryptocurrencies and online payments are done through them. Before the introduction of
these currencies, individuals used conventional methods of payment. Cryptocurrencies avoid the
intervention of third parties. It is peer-peer transaction. The rise of technological power demanded
the development of virtual currencies. Also, these currencies have changed the perceptions of politics.
The government does not have control over these currencies. These currencies are also used in stock
market investment. Cryptocurrencies have taken over the financial world and are expanding horizons.

Growth of Bitcoin

Bitcoin is the first coin under cryptocurrency family. It uses blockchain technology which acts as a
ledger visible to the entire world. Bitcoins are stored in digital wallets that exist either on cloud or on
computers. Bitcoins can be acquired by various means
1. It can be bought on exchange
2. Through transfers
3. Mining

12
Mining is the process of computing huge data for the exchange of coins. Stats reveal a successful miner
will be awarded 12.5 bitcoins every 10 minutes.
The price set in 2010 was 1 cent and it grew to $16,000 in the recent times. Bitcoin saw a drastic
increase in the trading volume in the year 2017. Despite the efforts of the government the
cryptocurrency saw a steep rise in the market. With media paying too much attention on this
technology, it is no doubt that the currencies will keep growing in the near future.
In spite of different coins being introduced in the market, Bitcoin has secured its place. It still tops the
list and is owed to the exponential growth of the economy.
Altcoins
Altcoins (alternate coins) are the ones developed after Bitcoins. They present themselves as better
than Bitcoins in many ways. Altcoins are trying to overcome the limitations of Bitcoins and emerge as
a strong system, which explains their current scenario.

Bitcoin vs. Altcoins
Currently, there are around 1,200 coins and tokens in the market apart from Bitcoin and Ethereum.
People can either buy Altcoins using Bitcoins or just hold Bitcoins in the hope that it might surpass the
value of other coins.
Altcoins have been slowly taking over the major coins like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin etc. Data
shows that the market experienced a rise of 1.14% while it gained $1.745 billion.

13
There were 1,157 and 5,691 market pairs were traded. This shows that Altcoins have higher scope
than the initial coins like Bitcoin and Ethereum. Everyday businesses are creating tokens and coins
that are being used worldwide.

Problem Statement
When the world always expected a secure and private mode of payment, centralized exchanges have
made this task quite impossible. Although, centralized exchange systems have been through optimum
usage, they do not completely guarantee security and privacy. With KYC (know your customers) being
mandatory in centralized exchange, third party accounts have complete access to personal
information of customers. The option of remaining anonymous is lost. Recently, they have found to
have high transaction fee due to arbitrary reasons.
With Decentralized systems, transfer of data from one blockchain to another is not possible. The
transactions are irreversible and transparent. This system goes through the phase of high costs too
and the maintenance is high. Also, this system does not allow the deposit or withdrawal of fiat
currencies.
In order to overcome the above-mentioned limitations, BELDEX has come up with an innovative
solution.

Beldex - Much Needed Solution
Cryptocurrencies are taking over the digital economy and Decentralized exchanges are the future of
cryptocurrency trading. With this potential of Decentralized exchange, BELDEX envisioned an open
source initiative where participants of the network possess power instead of a central authority.
This decentralized exchange overcomes all the cons of the centralized exchange system. There is no
third-party intervention and no single point of failure.

14
BELDEX - A Solution to Existing Problems

After working through the list of shortcomings of other existing cryptocurrencies, Beldex offers the
following solutions:
●

Lower fees

Generally, there is no transaction fee and even if there is, it is minimal. Since there is no involvement
of third party service, the costs are cut down.
●

No identity theft

The cryptocurrency market focuses on securing identities and the chances for theft is less. Though the
ledger is transparent which means the transactions can be seen by everyone but the identity is kept
safe.
●

Peer-peer Transaction

Blockchain technology eliminates the need for any third-party involvement which makes it accessible
and easy for individuals.

15

●

Universal Recognition

Cryptocurrencies do not undergo transaction fee, exchange rates and interest rates. Hence, it
becomes an easy tool that is accessible all over the world. Also, it is universally recognized.
Since its launch, the success of Bitcoin has motivated the creation of many other cryptocurrencies.
New cryptocurrencies are emerging every day and every cryptocurrency offers a unique feature that
attracts users and investors to purchase the cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrencies are most simply
described as ‘blockchains’ with a corresponding token or coin, with which you can create transactions
that are then verified and stored in a block on the underlying blockchain.
BELDEX offers a complete cryptocurrency ecosystem that comprises of the native exchange system, a
privacy coin, wallet and a utility debit card. The BELDEX wallet uses RingCT, which helps to mask the
sender’s address. In short, it provides privacy.
Let’s look at the technical aspect of Hexagonal signature for a better understanding of the wallet.
When a transaction is sent, it is signed by numerous users forming the hexagon, each having their
unique public key. A unique public key is generated by gathering the various public keys from the
hexagon and it is used for the transaction. Hence a transaction becomes untraceable from the
blockchain.
Hexagonal signatures offer users a type of anonymity by hiding transactions within a set of other
transactions. Pederson commitment algorithm is used by the hexagon confidential transactions.
BELDEX wallet also helps in hiding the amount that is transacted by the use of hexagonal confidential
transactions. It also uses I2P algorithm in order to hide the IP address of the sender which can be
traced otherwise. Also, one-time address is generated for each and every transaction for the receiver.
Thus, making it a stealth address.
BELDEX aims to provide the highest level of security and privacy to its users and succeeds in doing so.

16

What does BELDEX do?
●
●
●

BELDEX offers global service that allows and strengthens peer-peer transaction.
Supports fiat currency to commence trading.
Every transaction in BELDEX can be liquified without hassle.

BELDEX Supply and Demand

●

By the end of 2020 BELDEX coin project will attract 1000 brokers.

●

The coin will be accepted at full nominal value or at a higher price based on the market
evaluation.
Coins that are used to pay for the company services will be withdrawn from circulation and
destroyed.
After the ICO, these coins will be traded for free on exchanges.
50% -100% coin service must be paid with coins.
By 2020, BELDEX is expected to grow 10,281% according to quantitative experts and
strategists.

●
●
●
●

17

Unique Features of BELDEX Privacy Coins
1. Untraceable Roots - Unlike Monero which uses RingCT, BELDEX uses RingCT network type.
2. Coin swap Official - BELDEX designated wallet holders can swap between desired coins.
3. Conditional Transactions - Transaction will be done only if the specified conditions are met.
4. Airdrop - If an individual, stake a certain amount of crypto in the wallet they get a specific
amount of interest in terms of the same coins.
5. Blockchain Franchise - BELDEX provides you with a white labelled decentralized exchange set
up for franchise.
6. Trustworthy - If owner reports fraudulence and the suspected receiver is unable to justify the
transaction, that particular transaction alone is revertible by the decision of a review tribunal
(Disputes are open to debate).
The Beldex Technology
Beldex aims to provide complete anonymity to its users. However, the company only
focuses on privacy enabled coins. The technology is such that, it permits users to make
both private and public transactions with their respective keys. The goal is to allow
anonymity in every way and every use case selectively. In the following sections, you'll
find the features of the Beldex technology.
Untraceable Transactions
In this section, we have proposed a scheme of entirely anonymous transactions satisfying
both untraceability and unlinkability conditions. An essential feature of our solution is
autonomy: the sender doesn't have to cooperate with other user’s transactions; hence
each participant brings out a cover transaction independently. The privacy of the sender
is protected through a unique Ring Transactional Signature.
Unlinkable payments are achieved by allowing a user to publish a single address and
receive unconditional unlinkable payments. Beldex uses RingCT empowered confidential
transactions which include a cryptographic proof that the sum of the input amount is same
as the sum of the output amount, without revealing the actual numbers. This masking of
original numbers aids in the privacy-enabled feature of the Beldex technology.

18
A unique feature in the RingCT technology is that it gives power only to the sender and the
receiver. This is made easy with the unique ring signatures used for transactions. Just the
two parties involved are given a key which lets them know the details of the transacted
amount. In addition to the said feature, the non-participants in the blockchain can view
any given public transaction but won't be able to guess the amount that has been
transacted.
The destination of each Beldex output (by default) is a public key, derived from recipient's
address and sender's random data. The primary advantage, as opposed to Bitcoin, is that
each destination key is different by default (unless the sender uses the exact data for each
of the transactions have the same recipient). Therefore, there is no issue such as "address
reuse" by design, and no other participants outside the transaction can find out if any
transactions were sent to a specific address or a link of two addresses together. These onetime addresses which protect the receiver’s identity are called stealth addresses.
First, the sender performs a Diffie-Hellman exchange to get a shared secret from his data
and half of the recipient's address. In RingCT, ASNL scheme is the new contribution and
turned out to be exploitable such that an attacker would be able to create coin from
nothing. This issue is fixed by replacing the Schnorr signatures with Borromean
signatures in RingCT. Then he computes a one-time destination key, using the shared
secret and the second half of the address. Two different set-keys are required from the
recipient for these two steps, so a standard Beldex address is twice as large as a Bitcoin
wallet address. The receiver also performs a Diffie-Hellman exchange to recover the
corresponding secret key. It provides a perfect characteristic of linkable anonymity:
verifier knows nothing about the signer, except that he/she is one of the users in the
group.
A standard transaction sequence goes as follows:
Ally wants to send payment to Mark, who has published his standard address. She unpacks
the address and gets Mark's public key (A; B).
Ally generates a random r element of [1; l-1] and computes a one-time public key
P = Hs(rA)G+ B.
Ally uses P as a destination key for the output and also packs value R = rG (as a part Of the
Diffie-Hellman exchange) somewhere into the transaction. Note that she can create other
outputs with unique public keys: different recipients' keys (Ai; Bi) imply different Pi even
with the same r.
Ally sends the transaction.

19

Mark checks every passing transaction with his private key (a;b) and computes
P0 = Hs(aR)G + B. If Ally’s transaction for with Mark as the recipient was among them,
then aR = arG = rA and P 0 = P.
Mark can recover the corresponding one-time private key: x = H s (aR) + b, so as P = xG.
He can spend this output at any time by signing a transaction with x.
One-time RingCT signatures
A protocol based on one-time RingCT signatures allows users to achieve unconditional
unlinkability. Unfortunately, ordinary types of cryptographic signatures permit to trace
transactions to their respective senders and receivers. Our solution to this deficiency lies
in using a different signature type, than those currently used in electronic cash systems.
Beldex follows a unique ring signature aspect to protect the sender’s privacy.
In our previous section, we discussed how each receiver’s privacy is protected by the use
of stealth addresses or one-time destination address. In the sender’s aspect of the
transaction, privacy is provided by the RingCT signatures. The RingCT structure enables a
member of a group to sign messages on behalf of the group without revealing his identity,
i.e., signer anonymity. This is one of the extended features of RingCT specially designed to
meet the Beldex standards.
As a result, the transaction in the blockchain is signed with the sender’s public key, and
since the public key is visible to all, a simple scan of the blockchain and the way the
transaction is signed will reveal the sender of the transaction. To prevent this, a specific
set of the user forming a ring will be picked randomly from the user pool and will sing a
transaction. Now, in this case, the signing of the transaction becomes untraceable as the
public key that signed the transaction could have come from anyone in the ring thereby
obscuring the sender. The RingCT process has one of the most positive implications, which
is the reduction of the transaction size. Reduction of size leads to ultrafast transactions.
Now if a blockchain is built in the way a transaction cannot be verified by a 3rd party other
than the sender and the receiver, there’s this possibility of the same transaction relayed
twice, in other words, it leads to the possibility of a double spend. This is prevented by the
use of a key image which can be verified by the miners. Each transaction produces a key
image which is cryptographically equal to the key-image, thereby avoiding the possibility
of a double-spend in the blockchain. We use stealth address to hide the receiver.

20

RingCT confidential transactions and I2P routing
Even though anonymity is provided by the above features, a transaction can also be traced
from the IP address of the sender and for this reason, Beldex uses an I2P routing algorithm,
to route all transactions through various nodes in the network, totally obscuring the IP
address of the sender.
Even with all the anonymity, the amount in the transaction will still be visible in the
blockchain which on analysis might be able to square in on the sender or the receiver. This
is also prevented in Beldex, by multiplying the amount with a random number generator
function before publishing on the blockchain. It uses Pedersen commitment algorithm
under the hood. Thereby complete anonymity is provided to the sender as well as the
receiver in Beldex.

How BELDEX is different?
While the world is adapting to changing trends of cryptocurrency market, problems like theft and
illegal activities persist. Data shows that approximately there was a theft of digital tokens worth $550
million. Since the decentralized exchanges are private, it is very easy for individuals to promote illegal
activities. BELDEX does not provide a chance for individuals to act upon the illegal terms. It is extremely
secure and keeps a check on the transactions being made.

Creation of BELDEX
BELDEX uses languages like C, C++ and Python. It also uses CryptoNight POW hash algorithm.

CryptoNote Technology
CryptoNote is an advanced platform for cryptocurrencies. It is an improvement for cryptocurrency like
Litecoin, Bitcoin and Ethereum.

21

How is it different from other currencies?
Blockchain with anonymous transactions
CryptoNote uses similar technology like the other coins, the only difference being the sender and
receiver information is not available. CryptoNote uses hash-based proof of work algorithm which is
not seen in other currencies. The algorithms behind this allow protection against double spending,
blockchain analysis resistance, egalitarian proof of work and other adaptive parameters.
How BELDEX’s blockchain protects privacy
RingCT signatures enable the sender to hide among other transaction outputs, stealth addresses hide
the receiving address of the transaction and RingCT hides the amount of the transaction. As a
consequence, BELDEX features an opaque blockchain. This is in sharp contrast with transparent and
traceable blockchain used by Bitcoin. Thus, BELDEX is said to be "private, optionally transparent".
BELDEX has two sets of keys, called a "view key" and a "spend key". View key can be separately shared
to enable optional transparency. However, the system is designed to ease processing on mobile
devices, as it is impossible to calculate an accurate wallet balance without a spend key.
Security Measures by BELDEX
It is essential to ensure secure communication between the functional entities described above to
assure a robust system. We value our members’ trust in us and our ability to offer a high quality
service. Therefore, we take the following measures to secure our services:
- We encrypt all communication over the internet allowing only HTTPS, using settings like HSTS,
properly chosen CORS settings, CSRF protection and carefully chosen SSL settings.
- We secure the API’s we build using tokens, with expiry.
- We secure our cookies, using flags like ‘Secure’, ‘HttpOnly’, ‘SameSite’ and proper expiration.
- In terms of secure communication between public and private nodes, we only allow carefully chosen
SSL ciphers and key exchange algorithms, while keeping tabs on developments and vulnerabilities
around information security. We also use client certificates internally to enable secure
communication, even in our private network. This means that data is not sent over an unencrypted
network connection, even in our private infrastructure.
- We carefully choose our firewall settings and network topology, to separate and compartmentalize
risks where possible without compromising usability and testability. This enables us to allow traffic we
trust, while blocking untrusted traffic.

22
- Additionally, we pay attention to OWASP updates, including mailing lists and other resources that
enable us to stay on top of new vulnerabilities and/or patches (think BEAST, CRIME, and KRACK etc.).
- We do regular audits including penetration tests, load tests and code reviews with independent
parties to ensure consistent security of our platform.
- We have DoS protection in place to protect us against common DoS attack strategies and monitor
our systems continuously. We also have a schedule that allows our team to be on call 24/7, if anything
happens.
- We use a KMS for key rotation and organization of sensitive data.
- Of course, we regularly review OWASP top 10 releases (2017) ourselves. We value consciousness of
risks inside our organization, as this is the best structural way to reduce risks in a consistent manner.
Please note that these measures are only a part of all security standards we implement in practice.
We handle a more elaborate protocol internally, but the above provides a general overview.

Beldex
Beldex is a technology supported by next generation entrepreneurs, investors, and developers with a
common interest in finding free market solutions by leveraging the power of globally decentralized
consensus and decision making. Consensus technology has the power to do for economics what the
internet did for information. It can harness the combined power of all humanity to coordinate the
discovery and aggregation of real-time knowledge, previously unobtainable. This knowledge can be
used to more effectively coordinate the allocation of resources toward their most productive and
valuable use.

Road Map
June 2017
Product inception from market requirement analysis.
October 2017
A think tank was formed to freeze the scope of the requirement, privacy economy.
January 2018
Technology analyst team formation, advisory board and technology platform setup. Release
whitepaper for people to understand and get acquainted with BELDEX.

23

March 2018
ICO Preparation and closed Beta launch.
April 2018
Focused group pitching, private sale.
September 2018
Mainstream coin trading begins on all major exchanges.
August 2018
Coin Index sites and cryptocurrency exchanges listed.
June 2018
Post ICO, public Beta launch and Branded Wallet launch.
May 2018
Pre-ICO, Public crowd sale, Bounty program launch.
October 2018
Closed Beta launch of Decentralized Exchange.
January 2019
Commercial launch of Decentralized Exchange will take place in January 2019.
April 2019
In 2019, in the month of April, white- labelled Decentralized Exchanges will be launched for our coin
stakers.
August 2019
By the month of August in the year 2019, physical debit cards will be distributed to minimum balance
official wallet holders.

24

25

26

AI Decentralized Exchange
A real decentralized exchange powered by Autonomous Agents, Atomic Swaps, SePe(Semi
Permeable) Security with advanced P2P architecture.
Introduction
The crypto investors have drastically increased in the past few years and it will definitely
increase tremendously in the upcoming years also. As thousands and thousands of Dapps are
going to come live in the upcoming years and therefore the value of crypto currency will
increase in multiple of trillions and all these digital assets needs to be handled by some
exchange or the other. It is a question that whether the current centralized crypto exchanges
will be able to handle this volume of assets and transaction’s? Do the existing exchanges have
that kind of security? The answer is no.
We all heard about many stories of popular exchanges hacked in millions. This paves a new
opportunity for decentralized exchanges. Even though the existing decentralized exchanges
are solving few issues, they are not really providing, truly an independent decentralized
exchange that can handle trillions of assets and its transaction’s.
Problems in the existing decentralized exchanges
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

All the decentralized exchanges adapt either Pure P2P or Virtual P2P
Liquidity
Front Running
Security
Atomic Swap
Speed

BELDEX
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.

Speed – High –Using DAG protocol
Liquidity – High
Cross – Chain – Atomic Swap
True Decentralized Exchange
Compatible to popular Wallets
Hardware wallet compatibility
Autonomous agents
Intelligent security

27

Cryptocurrency exchange
Cryptocurrency exchange is an online platform which is tailor-made for the virtual coin or token
holder and those who are willing to buy it. This is more of a kind of stock exchange where the
cryptocurrencies and coins can be exchanged for other cryptocurrencies or fiat currency like US dollar,
Euros etc. Generally, people used to buy bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency for trading purpose,
majority buy it when the price of a particular crypto coin or currency gets low and sell it up later when
the price goes up again. This is done through carrying out proper market analysis of the cryptocurrency
market and investing in the right coin.
Studying the market and analyzing its movement properly is required for every investor and trader in
order to enter the market, buy a specific currency, and sell the same when required. Analyzing the
present situation and predicting the exact future forecast are the qualities which help a trader to
survive in a better way in the cryptocurrency exchange market. Apart from this, the trader must know
the reason behind the rise and decline of every crypto asset or cryptocurrency to take a proper and
informed decision regarding investment or selling.

Working of cryptocurrency exchange
The simplest and easiest way to invest in cryptocurrencies is to approach it through an exchange. A
user or investor who needs to do cryptocurrency trading must decide first about the currency or coin
they are going to buy. As discussed earlier, they must sense that the price of that particular currency
is fair and reasonable. The cryptocurrency market decides the price of every single coin and asset and
the investor need to wait for the right time to buy it.
Post buying the currency, the coin holder can create a certain minimum limit to sell their coin in the
trading market whenever they have the intention. Once the coin holder has decided to sell their
cryptocurrency then they find and select the suitable person to do the trade-off. If that particular
trader is not willing to wait until they get a fair price for their coin they can transfer it to the exchange
from their wallet. Even most of the non-professional users tend to store the coins in the exchange
instead of the wallet.

28

Advantage of Cryptocurrency Exchange
The very existence of cryptocurrency exchanges are highly mandatory for any coin holder to get the
ultimate benefit and it also helps the people who are highly intended to handle cryptocurrencies.
●

●

●

●

The establishment of exchange is to bring in every cryptocurrency under one roof and help to
carry out the trading in a better way. The buyers and sellers will have multiple options here
so that everyone will get benefited in this kind of platform. Without the availability of
exchange, it is highly impossible for any cryptocurrency holder to attain profit in a better way.
Security is the major factor which needs to be given top priority in this kind of exchange, the
escrow system enabled in the exchange assures high-security system so that the buyers and
sellers can involve in trading safely. Security is one of the fundamental issues faced by
cryptocurrency exchange since the day one, and the task of exchange becomes complicated
if a coin holder does the promotion and sells it all alone.
The cryptocurrency exchange platforms make sure that they are highly required one through
their unique features and one among them is their liquidity flow. Every cryptocurrency
exchange platform has its own liquidity flows so that it gives them an option to select the best
among them. These kinds of options are readily available only in this type of wide arena.
The cryptocurrency which you buy here as a trader can also be utilized in ICO if you are highly
involved in funding a blockchain project. This helps in various ways for a trader to spread up
their network, get to know about more altcoins, and have maximum profit.

Centralized Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform
Centralized cryptocurrency exchange platform is an online space where every transaction related to
virtual coin takes place under the control of a particular company. That specific company holds the
ultimate authority to govern the entire transaction and it needs to be followed according to their
principles. Both the fiat money to cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency to cryptocurrency transaction
process takes place here. So here, the company acts as a middleman in carrying out the entire
transaction process between both traders and it charges the transactional fee as well as withdrawal
fee separately. This process is very famous and approachable as compared to the decentralized
exchange platform which acts as an alternative in few cases.

29
Setbacks of centralized exchange platform
Some of the serious setbacks faced by the centralized exchange platforms are:
●

●
●

●

●

These platforms often become the target for hackers as they get to work on the central
mainframe which makes it highly vulnerable. This will lead to run down of the entire exchange
as it works on only one platform.
This platform goes through central clearing house hence; they become easily available for
tracking and surveillance of their activities.
Privacy is another major factor of concern when it comes to centralized exchange platform
usage where, the complete account details like account number, in balance, credit/debit card
number of both the parties will be traced.
Creating account will be time consuming and slow process as this platform operates only in
business hours and do the transactions on particular days. This involves the checking of credit
prior to set up an account. It also demands maintenance specific balance in their account.
Since this platform works under regulation they automatically become prone to higher
taxations and government rules. Sharing the details of account holders will be a part of it.

Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform
The methodology is same as compared to centralized exchange platform, but one major difference is
that this decentralized platform operates independently without the control of any government body
or organization. As it names just it involves the transaction to happen between peer to peer and at
the same time, it is also prone to various deadly risks.
Since it is a peer to peer transaction the funds are totally controlled by the peers themselves. Unlike
centralized platform, it is very easy to trade anonymously here considering the distributed blockchain
or centralized exchange. Dependency on a sole person or platform is no more required, as per the
nature of decentralized platform the authentication and authorization is determined based on smart
contracts and blockchain protocol implementation.

30

Disadvantages of Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchange Platforms
●

●

The first and main disadvantage of the decentralized platform is, it is highly difficult to use
and this is the reason behind the popularity of some of the centralized exchange platforms
like Coinbase and Binance. The excess number of smart contract leads towards high
complexity; even it makes a technical person get stuck in the middle.
Most of the decentralized exchange platforms support only the basic level of cryptocurrency
exchange functionalities which makes it difficult to carry out the process as the
cryptocurrencies gets upgraded with tools very frequently. This includes the absence of
margin trading, stop loss, and host trading in the decentralized platform makes it unfit to
correlate with the functionalities of cryptocurrencies.

Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchange- The Future
As the Blockchain technology is emerging every day, more and more supportive features and
technologies need to be incorporated with it in order to make it more effective and pay justice towards
its idea. When it comes to exchanges, handling a cryptocurrency through decentralized platform will
be the most suitable one in every point of view. These platforms are meant to be the future of
cryptocurrency exchange as they deliver uncompromised and unmatchable features like:
●
●
●
●

Instant order book updates
Automatic trade matching
Unmatchable trading speed
Limitless orders and cancellations

There are four main reasons which tell that decentralized exchange platforms will be the right
platform for cryptocurrency exchanges.
A) Destructor of Barriers
A complete decentralized platform has the capability to restrict the reversibility of records, provides
full transparency, and also removes the barriers like double entry book keeping and various other
financial practices. Introduction of decentralized platforms will be a great setback for financial
institutions, where they cannot set transactional fee or holding fee for the amount to be transacted
any more. Earlier adoption of decentralized platform will be an added advantage for the organization.

31

B) No Controlling Body
Embracing decentralization will eliminate the control imposed by the governing authorities and other
bodies holding an unnecessary grip over the transactions and other functionalities happening all
around the world. Adoption of decentralization will be helpful in various ways for various industries in
their own terms. For instances, the financial institutions are no more bound to any regulations and
policies which are heavily stringent in carrying out the project. As privacy based issues are raising
every day and hitting the roof, high level of security is required badly. Implementation of
decentralization will overcome this issue through ensuring privacy to every single individual.
C) Revolutionizing old practices
As the old practice of account maintenance through centralized process has paved way to various
scams and a human error in the past adopting decentralized approach is seems to be highly mandatory
here. Whether it is the unimaginable profit incurred by Tesco’s or any other scams it is due to the
approach made through centralized platforms. Decentralized platforms are completely nonvulnerable to these attacks as they are immutable and provide high security. Moreover, the
cybercrime keeps increasing day by day it is not advisable to maintain the account depending on a
single bank or a financial institution.
D) Multi- industry impact
The decentralized platform is the most flexible one where, any industry can adopt this technology
easily. Implementation of this decentralization technology will eradicate the threat of cybercrime,
optimize human and financial resources and most importantly it will save a huge amount of time in
every industry which in turn improvises the productivity automatically. Above all the decentralization
as the name suggests, helps the adopters to function independently without the control of a single
governing body.

32

33

Advanced P2P Architecture
Peer-to-peer / Node- to –node architecture is the backbone for a decentralized exchange.
Decentralized exchange is one of the major requirements of the crypto industry. In decentralized
exchange each peer will serve others and be of service to others at the same time. Decentralized
exchange advantages are, they don’t need huge servers the data and the services are distributed on
the nodes. The whole concept of P2P systems are divided as two namely a true P2P and a virtual P2P.
They both have advantages and disadvantages in their own way. A true P2P is a P2P architecture in
which the nodes communicate each other. Whereas in a virtual P2P is one in which nodes
communicate via a virtual server. A true P2P cannot possess the advantages of client/server
architecture but has good speed and security whereas a Virtual P2P will have low security and low
speed.
BELDEX DEX is engineering an Advanced P2P architecture, which is completely autonomous, and built
with both true P2P and Virtual P2P. The system can dynamically switch between two modes Pure &
Virtual when required. The system will work as a true P2P when the atomic swap executes and we
need to handle heavy data between the nodes. The virtual P2P will work for broadcasting information,
liquidity and predictive processing between nodes. P2P applications like Guntella, Jxta will work either
in true P2P or Virtual P2P Architecture. But the major problem in them is the liquidity of information.
The peers can’t be located easily due to transparency, lack of remote features and cooperation
mechanism.

34

P2P Comparison Table:

P2P Architecture

Centralized
Exchange
(Client/Server)

Decentralize Decentralized
d Exchange Exchange
Pure P2P
Virtual P2P

BELDEX
Exchange
Advanced P2P

SPEED

LOW

HIGH

LOW

HIGH

ACCURACY OF
DATA
PRIVACY

MEDIUM

HIGH

MEDIUM

HIGH

LOW

HIGH

LOW

HIGH

SECURITY

MEDIUM

HIGH

HIGH

HIGH

USER FRIENDLY

MEDIUM

LOW

HIGH

HIGH

ABILITIES OF USER

MEDIUM

HIGH

HIGH

HIGH

MONITORING OF
USER
CAPACITY OF
DATA

HIGH

LOW

HIGH

HIGH

MEDIUM

LOW

HIGH

HIGH

NO OF USERS

MEDIUM

LOW

HIGH

HIGH

CAPACITY OF
PROCESS

MEDIUM

LOW

HIGH

HIGH

TOTAL EFFICIENCY

MEDIUM

LOW

HIGH

HIGHEST

35

36

Artificial Intelligence – Autonomous Agents
The core objective BELDEX DEX implanted Artificial Intelligence is to build intelligent
P2P networks. We are in the process of building autonomous agents which solves the
liquidity, front runner and security problems in the existing DEX. The agents may be
autonomous and intelligent entities on the network that reside on the peers or travel
between the nodes. For instance, the agents will receive problems from users and it discovers
needed resources, further it consults with other peers and provides a proper solution.
Case 1: Security
If anyone on the node had some attacks, it will be detected by the AI Agent and the attack
pattern will be shared to all agents. This will prevent the attacks for the other nodes in the
network and keep the network safe.
Case 2: Liquidity
We have enabled High liquidity with autonomous agents. The autonomous agents discover
and exchange the data between traders. The protocol use Virtual P2P for order books which
are maintained by an autonomous agents/relay for a trade settlement between two traders.
The relays will get incentivized for the order book processing activities and will be paid in
BELDEX coin
AI Agents
Agents and P2P systems are almost similar in terms of understanding and terminology. But
P2P systems have better abilities and are far better. The P2P networks become intelligent
when agents are implemented. The future will be largely dependent on Autonomous agents
for any kind of distributed system. BELDEX DEX Autonomous agents will be able to work
intelligently like learning, negotiate and predict the trading environment. The AI agents will
be able to detect the frontrunner and can cancel the trading.
A2A System
Agent to Agent system – BELDEX DEX will have a bi layer advanced P2P architecture. We are
using Autonomous Agent Technology to design A2A system. Agents are nodes and it will
execute the desired tasks like relaying, liquidity detecting, front runner. By using Autonomous
Agents BELDEX DEX will be able to handle millions of trades/ second without any hassle. P2P
functions will work in the first layer and Autonomous functions will work in the second layer.

37

Node Agents will work in group and coordinate intelligently. Nodes grouped to form an Agent
Society that takes care of the dynamic and complex problems of DEX like liquidity, Front
runner or Network clogging.
BELDEX DEX iV Server
BELDEX DEX uses pure P2P as well as Virtual P2P. The advantage of a Virtual P2P is that it
solves the major issues in existing decentralized exchanges. The important functions of the
P2P system is that it partially works in pure P2P and some in Virtual P2P. The P2P system in
the virtual server utilizes an Agent that takes care of security, Liquidity and front runner
issues.
Peer Coordinator
Peer coordinator is designed to serve to provide the necessary information required for the
agents. Agents can send request to the peer coordinator to get live exchange prices.
Whenever the peer coordinator receives a request form an agent, it process the data based
on the available local knowledge and if the data is required from other agents, then all the
agents coordinate via virtual ftp to provide the result for the requested peer. Peer coordinator
provides all necessary information for using the resources and services to the agents who has
requested the information. Peer coordinator gets information from “Peer resource finder”
and “Peer service manager” modules.
Peer Resource Finder
Peer resource is a device available on a host. Whenever an agent requires any information
from a particular resource, the “Peer Resource Finder” identifies the required resources from
the agent community. This is achieved by sending requests to the peer coordinator on the
agents, and the peer resource finder forwards the request to the nearest peer resource finder
which is available in the agent community to get the desired result. After identifying the
desired resources, the information about the resources is stored on the agents which is
presented on the BELDEX iV Server
Service Explorer
Service explorer helps to explore and share the information from the resources. Service
manager provides the requirements for using the available peers to get the desired
information which may be from the local host or from the peers. Service explorer determines,
the duration of using the resources, the time of starting and ending of the service between
the agents. Service Explorer helps to solve the liquidity issue by getting information in a fast
manner from other peers using autonomous agents.

38

Peer Recognizer
After exploring the resources by the peer resource finder, the specifications of the resource
will be verified and determined by the Peer recogniser. Peer Recognizer checks the
following measures,
1. Type of the peer resource
2. Is the resource ready to provide data?
3. The duration to use the resource
4. How many agents to use this service?
5. How frequent these agents serve data?
Peer resource finder and peer recogniser are complementary to each other. Peer resource
finder explores the resource on the p2p network and peer recognizer gets the specifications
of the services provided by the agents.

Decision maker
Decision maker is the central part of the Autonomous agents. Front runner is prevented by
Decision maker. All the data which is requested by the agent relayed on the iV server will
be processed by Decision maker. Decision maker coordinate with all entities of the system
including Peer explorer, Peer recogniser and Peer resource finder and provide the necessary
data to the requested agent. Decision Maker do the following activities,
1. Control the part of the Autonomous agents need to work on
2 The agents to be working in the part.
3. Authenticity of the agents
4. Past performance of the agents

39

Atomic Swap
Lot of discussions and talks have been carried out on blockchain and cryptocurrency where,
this particular technology is evolving like anything and the world is adopting it in real time as
faster as possible. Organizations belongs to various industries have started adopting the
concept of blockchain and using the cryptocurrencies in their trading by well-knowing about
its advantages. The inbound technologies in cryptocurrencies are arising in numbers and
some of them get well established and few of them have gone to wrong side.
Still being an emerging concept cryptocurrencies are always been a promising one and that is
the reason the world is keep on utilizing it. As per its decentralized nature the cryptocurrency
needs to be exchanged through decentralized platforms and it is the only way to justify it
completely. Atomic swap is all about peers or organizations exchanging different crypto coins
or currencies through a platform directly without approaching the fiat money. Basically,
through atomic swapping one can exchange any two cryptocurrencies directly like (Bitcoin to
Ethereum vice versa).
In order to increase the efficiency of the decentralized exchange platform adoption of atomic
swap is highly mandatory at this stage where, this platform is being highly trusted and, in the
limelight, as per the current situations. By adopting atomic swapping technique, the
exchangers can free themselves from unnecessary holding and transaction fee moreover it
will also cut down the basic charges of getting converted to fiat money. This eliminates the
dependency over third party completely and provides exchange in a secured and fast way.
As a renowned developer of various blockchain technologies we at BELDEX cater the most
prominent and reliable atomic swap technique. Our atomic swapping technique is highly
unique which delivers the most tailor made service to the users.
Our Uniqueness
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

24/7 guaranteed uptime
No dependency or trust over any third party
Highly secured process where there is no chance of fund loss
Zero exchange fees charged
No withdrawal fees
Provides ultimate authority to peers holding the cryptocurrency
Open to transact any cryptocurrency or coin type

40

BELDEX provides a unique atomic swap solution which can support 75% of the existing
popular coins
To provide a typical example of an Atomic Swap please read the following example.
1. Mike selects a number which is 123. He hashes it and sends it on as H(123) to Wills.
2. Mike makes a transaction that delivers his BTC to a multi-sig address (2-of-2). The
speciality of this address is that B alone can redeem the coins if he reveals the value
of the number 123.Consider this as transaction Tx-1.
3. Wills creates a transaction that delivers his ETH to a multi-sig address with the same
configuration as Mike’s transaction. Consider this as Tx-3.
4. Mike and Wills do not reveal Tx-1 and Tx-3 yet. Now they each create a timelocked refund transaction that allows each of them to revert back their original coins
if the trade was unsuccessful. Mike’s lock time is ABC and Will’s time is XYZ. It's
usually recommended that ABC is much larger than XYZ.
5. Mike reveals the value of the number 123 and redeems her 20 ETH from Wills.
6. Wills receives the value of 123 from Alice's reveal. He reveals it as well and redeems
his 1 BTC from Mike.
Secured Soft Cold Storage
About cryptocurrency wallet
As the name it suggests, cryptocurrency wallets are tailor made virtual storage space in the
form of software to store both the private and public keys of a particular cryptocurrency in a
secured way as best as possible. These private and public keys of the cryptocurrency interact
with the blockchain to make sure the transaction happen in a secured manner. When it comes
to cryptocurrency wallet it is broadly classified into two different categories like hot wallet
and cold wallet, and five different types of them.
Hot VS Cold wallet
Both these wallets provide storage space to store cryptocurrencies and they are connected
with internet. The main difference between these two is the hot wallet is vulnerable to
hacking and other security attacks due to their user friendliness and flexibility, and on the
other hand, the cold wallet is bit complicated to understand its nature which is enabled with
improved security by storing the coins in offline most of the times. Most of the times a hot
wallet is used for day-to-day transaction and the cold wallet are used for long term holding.

41

The safety of your cryptocurrency highly relies on the method implemented in private key
management. Saving your private key in offline is one smart technique to secure your
cryptocurrency. The management of your private key is based on the type of cryptocurrency
wallet you choose.
Online wallet
Online wallets are the storage space where the cryptocurrencies are stored in the web
browsers. People who don’t have clarity on this wallet type confuses that all the online wallets
do belong to hot wallet category. This generic mind thought needs to be changed and it all
depends on whether we use mobile or desktop wallet. Saving more amount of cryptocurrency
in this wallet leads to higher hacking risk and money theft.
Mobile Wallet
Through mobile wallet one can access their cryptocurrency from any place at any time
through the app installed in the mobile device and also supports with additional features for
the wallet which are based on internet.
Desktop wallet
Compared to the online and mobile wallet system, desktop is much safer place to store your
cryptocurrencies but still, there are chances of hacking the cryptocurrencies and it purely
based upon your online presence and the website you handle.
Hardware wallet
Hardware wallets are bit complicated when compared with the desktop and mobile wallet
but, they ensure good security and easy access.
Paper wallet
Way advanced and secured format of wallet type when compared with hardware wallet, this
wallet can be determined as the cold storage one for any cryptocurrency types.

42

SePesecurity - A new security system
Soft Cold Storage
BEL DEX provides an innovative architecture for the wallet to store and retrieve the coin for
trading. Once the crypto stored in the wallet, it moves into a secured separate soft cold
storage and gets disconnected from the wallet. The wallet will display only the value of
cryptocurrencies stored, but the real cryptocurrencies will be stored securely in the
disconnected soft cold storage using SePe security. When the user starts the exchange order,
the coin will be released at that moment of transaction, and this will be initiated only by the
AI agent in the exchange protocol as PEER resource finder will know this agent or may be
discovered dynamically at any time. By this way, no one will be able to hack the wallet. BELDEX provides a unique solution for wallet security. Anyone can transfer their crypto to the
wallet and use this secured facility and can start trading with BEL-DEX exchange.

43

44

45

BELDEX Debit Card
User-friendliness is the biggest benefit that BELDEX caters to their users, carrying out the
exchange process is highly tedious in any exchange and we at BEL-DEX have framed
architecture to overcome from it. The prevailing crypto exchange activity holds lot of
unwanted moves which literally makes the user to think twice about the cryptocurrency
exchange where, one needs to approach an exchange convert their crypto token into a fiat
money get deposit the money in their bank account and then finally convert it to their
favourable cryptocurrency or crypto token format.
Charges imposed over the users during the transaction time are another great setback
existing in the current cryptocurrency exchange platforms. Separate charge where imposed
for transaction, conversion and holding of the amount. We will make sure that you won’t get
troubled to these sorts of complexities and we make the process much simpler by directly
exchanging any two forms of cryptocurrencies. We accept almost all formats of
cryptocurrencies in order to pave way for a really fair trade to occur.

How BELDEX Crypto debit cards function?
The prevailing crypto debit cards works in a similar way as the normal debit card works, as
you think the money won’t be transacted from the bank account instead, it will be sent from
your crypto wallet. The amount will only be used in the time of exchange, i.e. when the
cryptocurrency is exchanges with the fiat money. BEL-DEX makes the job of their user very
simple in handling the cryptocurrency debit cards as a use, all you need to do is to order the
card, activate your account and transfer those crypto amounts whenever necessary from your
wallet which is connected with your card that caters vendor’s service.

46

Unique advantage of BELDEX
● This debit card can be used anywhere in the world as it will be interconnected with
some of the established payment gateways to provide comforting service to users.
● Our crypto debit card supports Bitcoin or Ethereum initially, later we will support
other major coins also.
● Conversion of cryptocurrency into fiat money and vice versa takes place in an
effortless way and this debit card can be used for any real time need like bill payment,
ATM withdrawal or any other domestic and business need.
● Most importantly one of the greatest advantages of using cryptocurrency is they are
completely risk free against any kind of inflation or hyperinflation due to its much
decentralized nature. This decentralized nature makes them completely independent
and they are not bound to any monetary fluctuations.
● There is various other cryptocurrency based debit cards established before which has
provide anonymity to their users by involving in lesser transactions. We deliver the
same support in a better and wider range making it more simple and applicable for
everyday scenario. As privacy has become a great concern in today’s life usage of BELDEX debit card ensures it for your data and money.

Conclusion
●

●

BELDEX will be the next big thing in the world of Cryptocurrency exchange and we are going
revolutionize and rewrite the previous standards set in the industry, through our unique and
demanded solutions which are highly mandatory at this point of time in the cryptocurrency
environment. We have integrated and deployed flexibility and adoptability to the core in the
service in order to fulfil the needs of maximum users. Unlike, other crypto payment gateways
we are providing multi-featured solutions to the existing and also for aspiring cryptocurrency
users.
BELDEX has designed the most updated and innovative crypto coin with striking features
which will be highly useful for the traders and investors of this particular community. The
crypto wallet designed by us is highly secured and reliable to store hefty amount of
cryptocurrencies or token in it. BELDEX has implemented the most effective and efficient
decentralized exchange platform to cater the most flawless exchange service to the users.
Decentralized exchange platform completely eliminates the role of middle man so that the
participants are no more bound to any regulations or policies or has they to pay any extra
charges. Added to it, we also provide the most flexible debit card in which you can store and
transact almost 75% of the cryptocurrencies existing now in this planet.

