Activate the Power of Business Network

Powered by​ Zeniius

BitCEO Whitepaper

0

Disclaimer:
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to
sell shares or securities in BitCEO or any related or associated company. Any such offer or
solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum and in accordance
with the terms of all applicable securities and other laws.

Version 2.3​ N
​ ov 2018
Draft for open community review. Subject to change.

BitCEO Whitepaper

1

Executive Summary
__
The Problem
There is no business entity which can operate by itself. Besides performing their core
activities, it is essential for companies to learn from and collaborate with other businesses
to stay competitive. Connecting with an ideal partner, however, is a highly challenging task
for many business owners. CEOs spend a significant amount of time and effort to network
with external executives. According to a survey of 12,000 CEOs, one CEO spend an average
of 6-7 hours a week to find a solution for business connections. however, 90% of the time
they spent is a waste. With the right partner, however, innovations and positive economic
results for the company would be generated with certainty.

BitCEO Whitepaper

2

To support human collaborations which generate positive outcomes, corporations around
the world have long been capitalizing on the advents of technology to bridge social and
business gaps. Facebook has solved one of humanity's most significant demand which is
staying connected socially. Alibaba serves as a purely commercial retail platform. There
remains, however, a hugely potential field for joining CEOs to create economic values. ​This
is where we come in.

The Opportunity
There are currently about 475 million businesses in the world, translating to more than 475
million CEOs. This figure will undoubtedly increase in the future with current economic
conditions. As the market becomes more competitive than in the past, the need to quickly
resolve business challenges with improved efficiency and minimal stress would become
imperative.
Recognizing this opportunity, our ultimate goal is to facilitate a platform where a robust
network of CEOs can come together to meet their business demands instantly.

The Solution
As mentioned above, our target is to help CEOs connect and work together in a flash from
anywhere in the world. To be able to accomplish this, our project is mobilized in three
phases:
Phase 1 - We build a platform to assemble individual excellences & resources of global
business owners and activate a powerful collaborative CEO network, called ​Zeniius​.
Phase 2​ - We integrate Artificial Intelligence and Blockchain into Z
​ eniius​ as follow.
● Artificial Intelligence - We employ A.I as one of the solutions to flash-match business
demands posted on Zeniius with potential solvers. Additionally, AI is used in a scoring
system to rate CEOs according to their contributions to the ecosystem.
● Blockchain - ​Millions of business transactions which would happen in ​Zeniius will
require optimal transparency. For this reason, we employ ​Smart Contracts to ensure
all transactions are t​ raceable, transparent, and irreversible.
Phase 3 ​- To motivate CEOs to help one another, we create incentives in monetary and
non-monetary terms.

BitCEO Whitepaper

3

1. We introduce ​BitCEO (BCEO) - ​an ​ERC20 token - to ensure trusted delivery between
CEOs. This is the ​monetary​ reward when CEOs help one another.
2. We also ​tokenize CEOs’ ​abilities, resources and knowledge into a tradable
commodity called ​Ability Card​. CEOs may choose to award this to helpers as the
non-monetary reward. In a stand-alone Ability Cards marketplace called ​Ability
Store​, these abilities can also be traded using ​BitCEO​.

Mission & Vision
Our ​mission is to create and activate the power of the global CEO network to instantly
meet business demands.
Our ​vision is to become the ​largest ​platform for CEO’s collaboration to do business and
optimizing resources around the world.

Why BitCEO
Unlike most initial coin offerings, BitCEO & Zeniius is far from an ideal project waiting to be
commenced. This project has already attracted about ​1,000,000 USD in investment since
its initialization in June 2017. Zeniius application has already run on a beta platform,
currently available on iOS, Android & web, with thousands of users who are real-life CEOs.
Of which, several CEOs of companies which generate annual revenue of ​500 million USD​,
and many others earning more than ​50 million USD​ per annum.

BitCEO Whitepaper

4

The Offering
BitCEO will soon announce an initial public crowd sale of its ​BitCEO token. The total supply
of tokens will be 3.5 billions​. The token will be distributed with a ​Private Sale event,
followed by a ​Presale​, and finally via our ​ICO​. The Presale token price will be range ​1 BCEO
= 0.012 USD​ -​ > 0.013 USD​ during the ​Presale​. During the ​ICO​, it will be 1​ BCEO = 0.015 USD

BitCEO Whitepaper

5

Overview
__
An estimate of 475 million businesses around the world and their directing CEOs face a
wide range of business requests daily. To stay relevant and successfully compete in an
increasingly demanding consumer market, it becomes crucial for CEOs to resolve those
commercial needs quickly.
Being able to connect with the ​right business partner, or another CEO, in the shortest time
possible and minimal stress would, therefore, greatly help CEOs stay on top of their
operations. At the same time, CEOs also constantly need to connect with other business
partners to ​expand their network​ and ready themselves for new ​opportunities​.
For such specific needs, current features offered by existing social network platforms such
as Facebook, LinkedIn & Opportunity leave CEOs much to be desired in terms of obtaining
business solutions and connections. Therefore, our mission is to ​facilitate a business
platform ​for CEOs ​to interact, network and utilize their existing abilities and connections
for global collaborations.

BitCEO Whitepaper

6

Zeniius
Zeniius​ is a dynamic & active social network platform for CEOs. We currently run it in the
forms of mobile application and website, with the beta version currently available on App
Store & Google Play. ​Zeniius​ will be the first application integrated with ​BitCEO​ as its
transactional token.

BitCEO Whitepaper

7

Current Features in Zeniius
Opportunity Newsfeed
● The newsfeed is similar to that of
Facebook but business-focused. It
can
be
filtered
by
topics,
industries,
personal
profiles,
business groups, and more.
● This is the place where CEOs can
seek opportunities and obtain the
solutions
for
their
business
problems.

In-app Chat
● Group chats with unlimited
members
● Infinite
number of personal
conversations
● Within a chat, CEOs can easily
access all participants’ profiles,
which are highly detailed
● CEOs also can quickly filter for
important discussion
● Allows for networking, events,
sharing of resources between
CEOs etc.

CEOs List
This feature is similar to a ​yellow page of CEOs. It contains list of CEOs as well as their
profiles, companies, as well as their public activities in Z
​ eniius​.

BitCEO Whitepaper

8

Notifications List
Contains personal notifications for each user in ​Zeniius​. CEOs will be noticed whenever
someone interact with them.
My Profile
Information on personal profiles and other settings within the system.

Valuable Statistics
Currently, there are about ​1,500 ​high-income​, ​active CEOs on the ​Zeniius beta platform,
who have collectively achieved an accumulated internal transaction volume of ​$50 million
USD​, and a collective revenue of $
​ 700 million​ per annum.
The network is expanding rapidly to other countries such as ​Singapore​, ​Japan​, and ​Korea
etc.
At least 5 companies with revenue of more than $
​ 500 million/year
3-5% of companies’ revenue of more than 5
​ 0 million/year
8-10% companies’ revenue of m
​ ore than 5 million USD/year
The remaining 85% are SMEs, with earnings of ​less than 5 million USD/year.
More than 100 members are involved in a real estate forum.
More than 150 members are cryptocurrency enthusiasts.
More than 100 members are shareholders of ​CEO K35 JSC, specializing in real estate
& cryptocurrency investment.
● 10,000 CEOs​ are expected to join the network in 2018.
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Zeniius Offline Networking Activities
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

CEO offline gatherings
On-site company visits (CEO tours)
Charity events
Real estate forum/exchange/investment with total transactions 25 millions USD
Crypto currency enthusiast joint ventures
Blockchain & Cryptocurrency Forums
Real Estate Exchange & Real Estate Forums.

BitCEO Whitepaper

9

Our Focus
To effectively serve as an interactive hub where CEOs assist with each other’s business
inquiries, the Zeniius’s team focuses on decoding the following problems:
1. How do we bridge the ​gap between a CEO’s commercial request and its ideal
resolver(s)?
2. How do we ​motivate​ appropriate users in resolving business demands?
These are the two main issues that we seek to resolve in the project’s short-term plans. As a
result, ​BitCEO was born as one of solutions for these issues. We will explain this in the
following section.

BitCEO Whitepaper

10

Our Solutions
__
In order to resolve the above-mentioned problems, we have laid out some broad strokes
for our solutions.

1. Utilizing Good Intentions
With good intentions, CEOs will help other
CEOs simply because they want to help
them, and enhance their connections with
other CEOs. They hope that later on, when a
need arises, the other CEOs will return their
favour. This element can only be utilized
when the number of members in the social
network is large enough. This is because if
there is only a few users, the number of
members that possess the ability to cover all
the needs in the system is very small.
Therefore, increasing the number of
members is one of the solutions that can
help growing the population of solvers in
the system.
With ​Zeniius​, we plan to increase the number of users from 1,000 CEOs to 30,000 CEOs in
2018. Among the CEOs, there are people from Japan, Singapore, South Korea, and Australia.
This plan is being implemented and has good probability of success because Zeniius
currently has a strong connection with some domestic and international business
communities. These business communities are ready to join Zeniius. However, good
intentions are not strong enough motivator for CEOs to help each other.

BitCEO Whitepaper

11

2. An A.I. System
Building an automatic system to deliver
business problems to the solvers in the system
or automatically supply users with valuable
information when they want their needs to be
met. At the moment, Zeniius is building an A.I.
system that allows the automatic search for
solvers every time users post their demands.
Specifically, A.I. will automatically search the
system to find people who have posted the
ability to solve that need, or is related to the
topic of the posted demand. Afterwards, it will
comment and suggest solvers to help. If it is
unable to find solvers, A.I. will base her
judgment on the information that was gathered
around the Internet, then utilize this data to
comment, and supply the required information.

3. Build a support team (‘CEO SWAT’)
Even though A.I. can help tremendously for
business, there is a big number of request
messages, and a big number of solvers not
in the system. Thus, there is still a need for
a human team that can help the CEOs
meet the demands that is within the scope
of assistance, with more flexibility than A.I.
As a result, we aim to construct a highly
qualified team of SWATs to support CEOs
with resolving their demands. Currently, we
have successfully assembled a ​CEO SWAT
team of more than 130 members, who are
the CEOs in real life.

BitCEO Whitepaper

12

4. Incentive mechanism
A user in the ​Zeniius system would only be interested in solving a published business
demand when the solution directly benefits himself or his company, in terms of ​BitCEO
rewards or a value-adding contract to his firm. Thus, we built the following incentive
mechanism to motivate users to solve business demands published in the system.
System Incentive
Zeniius will build a system that spawns
ZeniScore (Score of Reputation) every time
CEOs help someone solve others’ problems
or if they contribute to the system.
Business Incentive
● Monetary:
​creates
economic
motivation for users in order to help
bring the problem to the solvers.
BCEO was introduced to be the
token that is awarded to users as
monetary rewards. ​BCEO represents
the value of the system as well as the
benefit of helping another CEO to
solve business demands. In the long
run, ​BCEO will be the basis of
Zeniius​’s economy.
● Non-monetary: Sometimes, CEOs
help others not because of money
but due to kindness, to establish
connections, etc. Thus, it is necessary to have a different system that can help CEOs
back up any record about other people helping them, and note them down as a
promise to return the favor in the future with their own ability. The representative of
this system is the birth of a powerful card which is termed IOU (I owe you) card – also
known as powerful ​Ability Card​. This card represents the fact that “I am owning you
one for solving my problems, and I will return the favor by one of my unique abilities”.

BitCEO Whitepaper

13

The solutions above all have their merits and drawbacks, therefore, if we separately apply
these solutions, it is impossible to create motivation, or a persuasive answer to the
mathematical problem that we have put forward. Despite this, if we can harmonize
everything and implement all the above approaches then it will be the ultimate solution
for the project’s problems laid out in “Our Focus”.
With that being said, this whitepaper focuses on the 4​th proposed solution, which is the
incentive mechanism​, as this would be the most important motivational structure for
users in the system. This solution serves as the backbone to boost the system into
sustainable development. At the heart of this proposal lies ​BitCEO​, which powers the
incentives. Other solutions, such as the AI system, would be discussed further in the Yellow
Paper.

BitCEO Whitepaper

14

Zeniius Incentive
Ecosystem
__

Our principle is to create an ecosystem where everyone simply does the best for each other
for their own sake, and anyone who goes against that simply finds oneself detached. Since
everyone can only benefit from benefiting everyone else, it's predictable that everyone
would do their best.
As discussed, besides aforementioned non-monetary motivations, such as ​Ability Cards &
ZeniScore​, our principle is to provide an incentive of highest possible monetary value to
make sure everyone does their best. ​BitCEO​, therefore, acts as the monetary reward to
motivate CEOs to help solve published demands in the system for an instant prize.
In the following section, we discuss each of our incentives in details, showcasing their
individual effectiveness, both in design and implementation.

ZeniScore – Score of Contribution
ZeniScore represents the intangible value that users have contributed to the ​Zeniius
system. The more ​ZeniScore a CEO accumulates, the more he is proven to have
contributed to the system. ​Zeniius system will award ​ZeniScore to users based on the
following schemes:
● User will gain ​ZeniScore when his published post about shared business knowledge
or trade experience is rated or reviewed by other users, i.e., other CEOs find such
information helpful.
● Users who have attempted to solve a business demand and are regarded by the
Posters as the Primary Solver will receive ​ZeniScore​ for his solution.
● Similarly, those who have contributed in solving the business demand but are not
regarded as the Primary Solver will also receive ZeniScore for their contributed
efforts.

BitCEO Whitepaper

15

Zeni Score Attributes
● ZeniScore​ cannot be internally transferred between CEOs.
● ZeniScore will increase if the user contributes to the system and decrease when the
user is negatively reviewed or rated for destructive behaviors to the system.
● We will be using Artificial Intelligence (more in Yellow Paper) in awarding ​ZeniScore​,
based on the following inputs:
○ The CEO’s accumulated contribution and damage record since joining Z
​ eniius
○ All publicly available information about the CEO that can be externally sourced
by the A.I. system.
Benefits of Zeni Score
● When the CEO accumulates sufficient ​ZeniScore to reach a certain level, he will be
rewarded monetarily with BitCEO. These levels will be decided based on the average
ZeniScore​ of all users in the system.
● Since ​ZeniScore represents contribution of user to the system, it will be the
benchmark for the ​DAO ​System ​(Decentralized Autonomous Organization) in the
future, for example, allowing high-level CEOs the right to vote for the purpose of
improving the Z
​ eniius​ system based on their ​ZeniScore​.

BitCEO Whitepaper

16

Ability Card – A Non-monetary Reward for Offering Solutions
Everyone who has helped someone in need deserves recognition. Nonetheless, CEOs with
financial prowess may not be actively intrigued by monetary rewards. Instead, they would
rather be rewarded with acts of gratitude which they deem deserving of their invested
efforts.
Gratitude can be expressed via an ​Ability​, an ​Invitation​, a Gift etc. which Solvers may need
in the near future. In ​Zeniius​, such acts of saying thank you will be digitized into ​Ability
Cards​. Examples include golf lessons, software recommendations, hardware maintenance,
invitation to dinner, a bottle of fine wine etc.

CEOs in the ​Zeniius​ system can create ​Ability Cards​ which promise to deliver one of their
own skills and resources per card. ​Ability Cards​ can be categorized into:
1. Ability Cards​ which reflect b
​ usiness​ capacity of the user (e.g. trade discounts)

BitCEO Whitepaper

17

2. Ability Cards
opportunities)

which

reflect

​personal

ability of the user (e.g. networking

Ability Card Attributes
● The following information will be clearly detailed on each ​Ability Card
○ Description of the Ability
○ Expiry date
○ Terms & conditions
● Quantity of A
​ bility Cards ​a CEO can create at any time will depend on his Z
​ eniScore.
● Staking of A
​ bility Card​ using ​BCEO
○ A CEO may choose to “stake” a certain amount of ​BCEO to enhance the card’s
credibility and reliability
○ Depending on the staked amount, the system will calculate and label the card
with “stars” (between 1 to 5)
○ The staked amount will be released to the Creator when the Owner has
successfully received the act of gratitude promised by the ​Ability Card​. This
process is ensured by the application of blockchain. Any ensuing dispute
regarding delivery will be resolved by a specialised team called the CEO SWAT.
Details of this process will be further discussed in the Yellow Paper.

Benefits of Ability Card
● Ability Card owner can request ​Ability Card creator to deliver what is promised by
the ​Ability Card​, subject to terms and conditions, that is if the card is within expiry
date and the usage conditions are met.
● Users can trade and collect ​Ability Cards via ​Ability Store (Zeniius Ability Card Store),
which will be discussed further in a later portion.

BitCEO Whitepaper

18

BitCEO Tokenomic
Specifically, the value of ​BCEO​ is appreciated as A
​ bility Cards​ are appreciated - certain
CEOs desire certain tokenized abilities of other CEOs more than the efforts of these
abilities' owners. Generally, a company that sells tokens to its customers ensures those
customers are better aligned with the company’s success. We are creating the network
and the virility effect with these monetary incentives.
Therefore, in whatever a ​BCEO​ holder does, be it data contribution or resolution of business
demand, that person is incentivized to prioritize Zeniius's long-term success. This incentive
is as strong as the value of B
​ CEO​, which is, as an app token, higher than fiat money and
potentially even cryptocurrency.
In this way, B
​ CEO​ represents not just the value of the system, but also reflects the
significance of peer assistance in solving business demands. Overall, the token serves to
illustrate the economy of the social network among CEOs.
BCEO - Incentivizing Monetary Reward
When a business demand is resolved to satisfaction, Poster will reward the Primary Solver
as well as some Secondary Solvers with either ​BCEO​, A
​ bility Card​(s), or both. Demand and
supply forces will determine the amount of B
​ CEO​ to be awarded for each specific
commercial request. For instance, a direct business introduction may require less ​BCEO
than a demand to design an entire commercial website.
BCEO - Payment for Features in Zeniius
● Ecosystem: CEOs can purchase special functions in Z
​ eniius​, such as CEO mask
(allows CEO to have anonymity), VIP membership (allows participation in prominent
investment groups with other VIP CEOs), creation of private communities where the
CEO is the leader etc.
● Tickets: CEOs can purchase tickets to CEO1000 events, CEO tours, Leadership, Real
Estate, Blockchain Offline events, make donation (for charity), buy VIP news on
Cryptocurrency Forum, buy membership of “Whale Pool,” etc.
BCEO - Payment for Ability Card

BitCEO Whitepaper

19

Additionally, ​Ability Cards will synthesize a sizable market in terms of transferrable users’
abilities. Users purchase ​Ability Cards for collection, forming new connections and
potential future self-utilization. As a result, ​BCEO will also serve as the building blocks for
Ability Store - a virtual marketplace for ​Ability Cards​, which can be traded between users.
Ultimately, the value of our token will continuously go up as users contribute to the system
by interacting with each other and solving demands. Another driving force for price
increase would be the market for tradable ​Ability Cards​, transacted with ​BCEO​.
BCEO - Why Blockchain?
BCEO represents the values of the ​Zeniius system
and acts as the currency on ​Ability Store​,
platforms that are specifically designed for CEOs
and business owners. Furthermore, our CEO users
will have the chance to collaborate and do real life
business syndicated from their connections and
interactions on ​Zeniius​. Thus, ​transparency is of
utmost importance to the system and users.
Blockchain is, without question, the optimal
solution to ensure transparency and honesty of any
system. Blockchain technologies will also be
applied on the calculation and management of
ZeniScore​, which reveals the ratings of CEO users.
Such statistics are vital in the decision process of a
CEO – whether or not to collaborate, connect and do business with another user.
Furthermore, it is important to note that each ​Ability Card represent a promise that a user
has to deliver in the future. Therefore, to ensure that these actions take place in a way that
is publicly visible and verifiable to everyone in the system, ​Ability Cards need be delivered
by ​Smart Contracts​. As such, ​Blockchain will be the ideal solution in the maintenance and
upkeep of both ​BCEO​, Z
​ eniScore​ and ​Ability Card​.
BCEO - The Platform: Ethereum, Nexty, and other platforms
We are currently planning to run all Smart Contracts and ​BCEO on Ethereum blockchain
as it is one of the most popular, flexible, and suitable platforms for adopting Smart
Contracts. With that said, we are aware of current developments and new initiatives in the
technology world. Taking into accounts current and future trends, we considered the
possibility of test-running ​BCEO on other platforms, including Nexty, Zilliqa, NEO, EOS, etc.
This will ensure speed, scalability, as well as ease of use for users of Z
​ eniius​ & ​Ability Store​.

BitCEO Whitepaper

20

After testing in Ethereum Blockchain, we have chosen to collaborate with Nexty - a very
successful ICO itself, currently ranked in the top 150. ​BCEO will be run test developed on
Nexty’s blockchain in next step. Nexty possesses many outstanding features which play to
Zeniius and Ability Store advantages, laid out as follow:
● Smart Contract: Similar to the Ethereum platform, Nexty is capable of creating Smart
Contracts.
● Zero Transfer Fees: Transfer fees constitute considerable expenses to users, especially
to our CEO users, who perform high volume of large transactions. This will be a big
advantage of Nexty compared to other blockchain platforms.
● Instant Transfer: Nexty offers speed of transfer that is sustainably fast and stable
compared to other platforms.
● Cross-platform: Different coins / tokens are easily tradable via Nexty. This means
more payment options for users.
● In-app Purchase: Nexty will release in-app purchase feature in the future. This feature
will be utilized in Zeniius via an independent Nexty wallet, allowing users to make
standard VISA-like payments. The experience will be most familiar and user-friendly.
●

Nexty Support: Thanh Dao, who is Nexty’s Founder, also contributes as an Advisor of
BitCEO Project. As a result, our project will receive tremendous support from Nexty.

BCEO Liquidity
As the cryptocurrency ecosystem evolves in the coming years, there is no doubt that B
​ CEO
will be easily traded and spent by the CEOs in ​Zeniius​. We have plans to get ​BCEO​ to be
listed on major exchanges, with support from our advisors.

BitCEO Whitepaper

21

Ability Store (Zeniius Ability Card Store) - A Marketplace for Ability Cards
This is the final piece for the ​Zeniius ecosystem. The CEOs who receive the ​Ability Card
may or may not have the need for the ​Ability Card​. However, the special feature of the
Ability Card is not just illustrating that a CEO owes another CEO a performance promise,
but also signifies the connection between the CEOs. Increasing the amount of ​Ability
Cards would increase the chances for any CEO to connect with other CEOs. Therefore,
CEOs will have the need to exchange, collect or even purchase the ​Ability Card and thus
form a marketplace for the ​Ability Card​ - A
​ bility Store​.

At first, only ​Zeniius users will be able to trade in ​Ability Store​. In the future, we plan to
include non-Zeniius users, so that everyone may trade on this platform. Anyone can create
their own ​Ability Cards and trade them on ​Ability Store​.In ​Ability Store​, in addition to
trading and exchanging, users can also participate in the ​referral program by
recommending a CEO A with a suitable Ability Card created by another CEO B. If the
referee purchases the Ability Card recommended to him/her, a small reward from the sale
of the ​Ability Card will be sent to the referrer. This program will enable ​Ability Cards to
reach end-users more effectively and enhance the efficiency of the system. In addition,
BCEO will function as the token for payment of purchases on ​Ability Store​. With every
transaction, A
​ bility Store​ will receive a 10% transaction fee as system reward.

BitCEO Whitepaper

22

Ecosystem
Overall, the ​Zeniius​ system can be structured as follow:
● Level 1:​ Real life CEO
community.
● Level 2​: ​Zeniius​ Application acts
as a platform to connect CEOs.
● Level 3​: Blockchain and AI plays
a vital role in helping CEOs to
collaborate and solve business
demands. In which, ​BITCEO,
Ability Card, Zeni Score​ act as
parts of an incentive system –
BITCEO​ being its core.
● Level 4​: Users in the system will
utilize ​BITCEO, Ability Card​, and
Zeni Score​ to collaborate,
connect and do business
together. ​BCEO​ will also act as a
payment method for users to
trade and collect A
​ bility Card​.
● Level 5​: In the near future, third
party vendors are able to build
applications powered by our
connective platform, to provide
business services for our entire user
base.
As a result, this operational process forms an ecosystem where all CEO users in the system
are naturally incentivized.

BitCEO Whitepaper

23

Business User Case
To gain deeper understanding of the groundbreaking utilization of Zeniius, let us examine
the following business examples, which highlights the functionality and powerful
application of features such as Ability Card and BCEO, as well as the way the Zeniius
Reward System distributes ZeniScore.
Use Case 1
Harry is the CEO of a confectionery company in Singapore. Harry's company needs to open
more factories in Vietnam. Harry posted on Zeniius that he is looking for a site to open a
factory in Vietnam.
John, Andy and Hoang, three CEOs of three different real estate companies in Vietnam,
spot Harry's information on Zeniius. They comment on Harry's post with information on the
resources they have to help Harry locate a suitable site.
Harry receives information from three CEOs and decides that Andy's factory premises to be
the best fit, so Harry chose Andy as the one who solves his needs on Zeniius. Harry also
thanks John and Hoang for their efforts on Zeniius.
After the Zeniius system receives Harry's response to John, Andy, and Hoang, the system
calculates and rewards the three of John, Andy and ZeniScore for a certain formula.
Use Case 2
Jane has very good knowledge of KPI and KPI development in business. Jane decides to
share this knowledge on Zeniius.
Other users on Zeniius found the information Jane shared to be very useful to apply to
their own businesses. Thus, other CEOs vote for Jane's article as helpful.

BitCEO Whitepaper

24

The system receives user votings with Jane's post and perform calculations which often
results in ZeniScore for Jane. The more positive feedback the article receives, the more
ZeniScore is awarded to Jane. It just so happens that today Jane has accumulated 100
ZeniScore, an amount required by the system to level her profile up, thus, the system
donates 100 BitCEO to Jane as an encouragement for her contribution on Zeniius. Jane will
still accrue ZeniScore until she reaches a new level of 200, 300, etc. (Note: These numbers
are assumed, when implemented in real life, Zeniius will utilise a formula to calculate the
level bonuses and certain levels).
Use Case 3
Zhang is the CEO of a plastic company in China specializing in plastic household goods.
Zhang wants to find a distributor in the Indian market. Zhang posted this information to
Zeniius and attached 300 BitCEO to reward anyone who would help Zhang find a quality
distributor.
Rahul is a user on the Zeniius system. Spotting the information from Zhang, although not
the right distributor for Zhang's request, Rahul was acquainted with Manish, the CEO of
India's top-five super market company. Rahul decided to introduce Manish to Zhang on
Zeniius.
Zhang received the introductory information from Rahul, thanks Rahul and mark Rahul as
the user who helped to solve his needs.
The system received Zhang's response to Rahul and with automatic transmission,
transferred Rahul 240 BitCEO (80%) from Zhang's 300 BitCEO reward. The remaining 60
BitCEO (20%) were taken in by the system as Zhang's thanks for utilizing the platforms.
Similar to Use Case 1, Rahul also receives a Zeni Score from the system.

Use Case 4
Takashi is the CEO of a major hospital in Nagasaki, Japan, and a world renowned
cardiologist. He wants to hold a non-profit cardiology seminar and need an event partner
to host it in a small province in Japan. Because the workshop is non-profit, it is difficult to
find a partner for the event. Takashi posted this information on Zeniius and asked for help,
and Takashi created the following two abilities:
● Cardiovascular examination

BitCEO Whitepaper

25

● Dinner and cardiovascular counseling
If anyone helps Takashi, he will be rewarded with one of the two abilities.
Akira is the CEO of the event company in Japan. Akira sees Takashi's information and
wants to help Takashi to organize the event, and informs the system that he will choose
the 2nd Ability Card. "Have dinner and consult a cardiologist."
Takashi gets help from Akira and marks Akira with the Zeniius system to help solve the
problem.
Zeniius receives feedback from the user who have posted the business needs and
automatically transfers the Ability Card and also awards ZeniScore from the system to the
solver.

Use Case 5
Akira in ​Use Case 4 now has Takashi's Ability Card, however, due to the lack of need for this
Ability Card, has entered the Ability Store, selling Takashi's Ability Card for 500 BitCEO.
Lee - who is using Ability Store, is suffering cardiovascular disease looking for a good doctor
to be examined and treated. Lee sees Takashi's Ability Card information sold by Akira and
decides to buy it with 500 BitCEO.
The store transferred Akira 450 BitCEO (90%) and transferred to Takashi Lee's Ability Card.
The remaining 50 BitCEOs (10%) are returned to the system.
Lee receives Takashi's Ability Card, contacts Takashi and requests Takashi to perform the
contents of the Ability Card. Lee also uses Takashi's additional services to ensure his heart
disease.

BitCEO Whitepaper

26

BCEO Token
__

Token Distribution
BCEO​ distribution process will be as follow:
Private Sale
(Done)

Presale
(Done)

ICO
(Updating)

Hard Cap

-------

-------

74,500 ETH

Soft Cap

-------

-------

3,000 ETH
Public

Participants

Early Supporters

Leaders & Major Investors

Period

Ended

Ended

Updating

The ICO will be updating the time and the date soon:
● The ICO will be hard-capped upon receipt of ​74,500 ETH​.
● BCEO will be sold at a face value of ​1 BCEO = 0.015 USD​.
● 26%​ of all tokens to be sold during the ICO.
● The ICO will last ​31 days​.
BitCEO​ tokens or B
​ CEO​ are expected to be distributed at most ​31 days​ after the ICO, and
transferable at least 7
​ days​ after the end of the ICO.

BitCEO Whitepaper

27

Bounty Programs
A total of 3% of the token will be utilized for the Bounty Programs during the Presale and
ICO. Should the Bounty Program not consume this amount in totality, any remaining
tokens will be transferred into the Reserve.

Token Allocation

BitCEO Whitepaper

28

Use of Fund
Proceeds from ​BitCEO ICO will be utilized chiefly in the development and prosperity of our
ecosystem. We are proud to be the pioneering business demand solving platform in which
scalability and sustainability are prioritized, as well as our initiative in capitalizing on the
powerful forces of A.I & blockchain. ​BitCEO should be considered an R&D project with
strictly enforced protocols.
So far, our team has already invested 1 million USD into developing our products, and we
plan to bring them to further heights with proceeds from the ICO. Improving end-user
experience, enhancing ease of date input, A.I. engines construction, and smart contracts
creation are examples of our product development initiatives.
The fund is dedicated to recruiting quality developers, smart contract engineers, A.I.
researches, data scientists, financial advisors, risk analysts, marketing managers, security
specialists and constructing the technological facilities.

BitCEO Whitepaper

29

Financial Projections
__

With our brief operating record and a fresh business model, it is not easy for us to
accurately evaluate our prospects and financial outcomes. Taking into account the risks
and uncertainties often faced by new businesses in a rapidly changing economy, we offer
the following likely financial picture to help ICO participants anticipate possible project
outcomes. With that being said, we are confident that with the values offered by our
products to CEOs, it is not difficult to work out that this financial investment will likely be
extremely beneficial for everyone involved.

Revenue Model
Our revenue will include the following recurring and nonrecurring streams:
● Zeniius Annual Fees:​ fee when a CEO join ​Zeniius
● Reward Fee: whenever demand solver has rewards upon solving a problem, ​Zeniius
will get 5%
● Features of Zeniius: some feature in ​Zeniius have to be purchased by ​BCEO to
unlock
● Ability Store:​ 10% fee when users exchange their ​Ability Card
Zeniius intends to add additional recurring revenue streams according to the roadmap
chart within the next 24 months.

Reason for high demand in BCEO
There is currently about 475 million businesses in the world, translating to more than 475
million CEOs. This figure will undoubtedly increase in the future. If ​Zeniius reaches 10% in
475 millions CEOS (roughly 47,500,000 CEOs), and the total supply of ​BCEO is 3.5 billion
tokens, then on average, one CEO will only be able to possess (in theory) 75 ​BCEO​. Since a
singular token is initially priced at $USD 0.015 (estimate price in ICO), the total monetary
amount each CEO will possess in the system is 75 x $0.015 = $1.125 USD - a value too little for
any real, long-term usage and transactions on the system. Therefore, the demand of ​BCEO
will definitely increase in the future to ensure that we meet the demands of our system’s
users.

BitCEO Whitepaper

30

The Team
__

JaLong Hoang
CEO/FOUNDER
CEO & Founder bitCEO, CEO & Founder Atomic Vietnam, Chairman CEO K35
Group Jsc, Founder G.E.N – the largest CEO community in Vietnam with 50,000
CEO.
Master Best Paper – International AI workshop for Using Genetic Algorithm and NLP
in a personal scheduling system.
Leader of one of the most dynamic & active CEO community in Vietnam including
3% which the annual revenue are more than 50M USD.
8 years startup experience with 4 companies which the business is cross over the
world: USA, Thailand, Singapore, Korea, China and millions dollars of annual revenue
The enthusiastic blockchain supporter and help connect to build the Vietnam
Blockchain Hub to form the Vietnam Blockchain alliance and the largest Blockchain
community in bitZenii Application.

Hung Hoang
CTO/CO-FOUNDER
Master of Computer Science, HCM University of Technology. Co-Founder of
YesIwant Vietnam Ltd , Co-Founder of SS Garment Factory, Co-Founder of
Atomic Vietnam Ltd
Hung Hoang has over 10 years of experience in computer science. He is one of the
top students to get the Master of Computer Science and being Teaching Assistant at
HCM University of Technology. Being a self starter, he also co-founded YesIwant
Vietnam Ltd – an ecommerce fashion company, co-founded SS Garment Factory – a
small garment factory, co-founded Atomic Vietnam Ltd – a technology company. His
prior experience focuses on distributed system, blockchain, ERP System and Artificial
Intelligence.

BitCEO Whitepaper

31

Lam Vo
CMO
Transformational Life & Business COACH
Lam Vo is currently a Business Trainer, Personal Trainer and Expert in Human
Resource Connection for the world’s leading brands: ActionCOACH, ICF
(International Coach Federation) and Engage & Grow. In addition, he is also the
speaker of currently popular programs: Leadership Best Practices, Coaching Skills,
Empower Your Life, DISC … He is consistently ranked among the top 25 global
business coaches, and currently training 25 businesses in Vietnam from 100 to 1000
billion VND.

Minh Chu
COO
KiwiGROUP’s Founder
Minh Chu is Founder of KiwiGROUP – one of the pinoneer organizations educated
about Blockchain/Crypto in Vietnam market, with more than 100 events with over
5000 attendees in the last 2 years.

Viet Nguyen
CFO
CPA, Founder & Managing Partner of Viet & Partners Co., Ltd; CPA, CFO of
Vietgroup Investment & Development JSC; Former Deputy Director of ITO
Auditting Co., Ltd; Former Finance Manager & Chief Accountant of MySQUAR Ltd
– Listed on AIM of London Stock Exchange
Viet Nguyen has been practicing as a CFO & CPA for over 10 years. He is a
result-oriented professional who looks to deliver completed work with efficiency and
clarity, no matter how complex the issue is. He specialized in financing and raising to
many of their largest and most prestigious closely-held companies such as
MySQUAR- Listed on AIM of London Stock Exchange.

BitCEO Whitepaper

32

Phuong Tran
CHIEF DESIGN OFFICER
CEO of AstroTemplates, which specializes in Website, concept art and graphic
designs.
Prior to founding and directing his own firm, he contributed his leadership for 5 years
at Codespot, the first Vietnamese company to hit USD 1,000,000 in sales in the
world’s largest template market – ThemeForest. Phuong’s philosophy is to always
strive and visually illustrate the essence and beauty of technology.
http://astrotemplates.com/

Luan Hoang
MOBILE PROJECT MANAGER
Bachelor of Software Engineering, University of Information Technology
Co-founder & Manager, Core Developer at Atomic VietNam CO., LTD
Intern and work at VNG Corporation for 3 years, of which 2 years as frontend
developer for vuigame.vn and 1 year as backend report for VNG web games (The
main programming languages are php and javascript). After that, I worked for 2
years as a fullstack developer at Sieu Si. From 2016 until now, he has been working as
a manager and IOS developer at Atomic VietNam.

Hoan Do
WEB PROJECT MANAGER
Master of Computer Science – Swiss Federal Institute of Technology at Lausanne
Hoan Do has a huge enthusiasm for technologies and business management. After
graduating from the Master’s program in Computer Science, EPFL, Switzerland in
2014, Hoan Do gained vast experience while working for Swiss firms and and
co-founding a Vietnamese e-commerce site – YesIwant Vietnam. In 2015, he is
Founder & CEO at Wizy Vietnam – a world class agency which helps develop digital
business more efficiently, powered by Vietnamese top digital talents.

BitCEO Whitepaper

33

Phung Dinh
CHIEF HACKER
Chief Hacker at Atomic Vietnam
Phung Dinh has 10 year of experience in the field of technology and social network.
His interests, outside of technology include classical music and sports.

Trung Trinh
A.I. DEVELOPER
BSc (Hons) Computer Science
Trung Trinh has recently graduated from the University of Technology in Ho Chi Minh
city with the second highest GPA in the Department of Computer Science and
Engineering. He is the mastermind behind the AI in real estate used in Zeniius, which
is also his bachelor’s thesis. His primary interests include playing table tennis,
badminton, watching US-UK TV Shows and training deep learning model. His dream
is to use AI algorithms to build a better society through automation.

Hon Pham
A.I. DEVELOPER
BSc (Hons) Computer Science, Freelancer in AI, Business softwares developing
Graduated from Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology, Vietnam.1 year of
experience in researching and building deep learning models in AI to extract
different aspects of texts. 1 year of experience in developing business softwares, won
the first prize in the Business Idea competition – held by University of Economics and
Finance – with the project: EASY LOCATION (a smart software in finding locations).
Interested in blockchain, participated in the VIETNAM BLOCKCHAIN 2017
competition and won the fourth prize.

BitCEO Whitepaper

34

Dang Ngo
A.I. DEVELOPER
BSc (Hons) Computer Science
Dang Ngo has recently graduated from the University of Technology in Ho Chi Minh
city. His prior experience focuses on Artificial Intelligence.

Loc Truong
ANDROID DEVELOPER
Backend Manager at DatvietVAC, Former Software Manager at VNG Corporation
Loc Truong has 12 years of work experience as a software developer. Worked on
several big budget and key products for VNG.

Nguyen Nguyen
ANDROID DEVELOPER
Senior Technical Advisor
A passionate IT guy with comprehensive experience of designing, developing and
deploying wonderful software products that could revolutionize the world.

BitCEO Whitepaper

35

Long Trinh
IOS DEVELOPER
Bachelor of Information Technology – Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology
Long Trinh has started working as a Automotive Engineer for three year, in Robert
Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Vietnam. Then he left the company to
study and work as a Software Engineer. He has done experiments for building
software simulation systems, full stack development and mobile applications. He and
his partners ran a small business called Wiindi, which is a social discovery commerce
platform to help online shoppers to discover, collect and track prices for any
products from any website. He really loves travelling.

Ngoc Nguyen
PROJECT ASSISTANT
Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting & Finance) – The University of Melbourne,
Australia
Prior to contributing her support in bitCEO, Ngoc performed auditing as a Financial
Auditor for PwC Vietnam and prior to that, worked as a Financial Consultant at ANZ
Australia. Apple Inc. Australia is also one of Ngoc’s previous employers. With more
than 10 years living abroad, her outstanding organisational skills, exceptional
language abilities, youthful energy and effective team work have been great assets
to the progresses of bitCEO.

BitCEO Whitepaper

36

Advisors
__

Tho Quan
ADVISOR
PhD, Nanyang Techlogical University, Singapore – Associate Professor, Ho Chi
Minh City University of Technology, Vietnam
Dr. Tho Quan is an Associate Professor in the Faculty of Computer Science and
Engineering, Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HCMUT), Vietnam. He
received his Ph.D degree in 2006 from Nanyang Technological University (NTU),
Singapore. His current research interests include Artificial Intelligence, Formal
Methods and Blockchain. Currently, he heads the Department of Software
Engineering of the Faculty. He was awarded many research grants in various levels,
including the famous NAFOSTED national grant. Beside academic activities, Dr. Tho
has also been a R&D consultant for YouNet company, in charge of machine learning
techniques (like sentiment analysis or text mining) being developed at
http://www.younetmedia.com/socialheat-social-monitoring​. In 2017, Dr. Tho led a
pilot research project funded by NTU, which applied machine learning techniques to
predict flight delay at Changi airport, Singapore (see local media at e.g.
https://tuoitre.vn/nguoi-viet-nghien-cuu-tri-chuyen-bay-tre-cho-singapore-201712230
84432904.htm​). Recently, Dr. Tho has also been interested in blockchain technology.
He is investigating a research project applying blockchain for logistics, funded by
industry.

Anik Dang
ADVISOR
Co-founder & Managing Director at SEA, former Developer at Firstblood
Technologies Inc.
Firstblood Technologies Inc is an esports competition company that provides
software for competitive esports in many gaming titles including Dota 2 and PUBG,
serving hundreds of thousands of gamers and esports enthusiasts. Anik is a core
member of a team that raised 465000 ether in less than 2 minutes breaking multiple
records of its kind in the pioneering space of cryptoeconomy in 2016.

BitCEO Whitepaper

37

Thanh Dao
ADVISOR
Founder of Nexty, MBA at Cardiff Metropolitan University
Thanh Dao is Founder of Nexty Platform - one of the best ICO in 2018. Currently,
Nexty reachs top 150 in the marketcap with the total about 70 millions dollars. Being
a sleepless programmer since 2005 and also a sale director in Real Estate business
after sunrise. He is a combination between techonolgy lover & business leader, who
always find most effective ways to deliver technology into business. Blockchain & its
application are his most current interests.

George Nguyen
ADVISOR
Startup Mentor & Career Advisor – Google Developer Groups Vietnam
George is an experienced Executive Director across industries including IT, FMCG,
Logistic & Education. He’s a business entrepreneur currently mentoring a number of
startups in Vietnam. George is opened for any investment/business invitation. His
specialties include Management & Strategy Consulting and Digital Marketing
Advising.

Logan Dinh
ADVISOR
Founder of BigHub.io
Logan has 12 years of experience in Digital & Viral Marketing. He is the founder of
BigHub.io – Top of the top marketing agency for ICO & Crypto Projects.

BitCEO Whitepaper

38

Toan Le
ADVISOR
Multimedia Diploma of Marseille Industrial Institute, IMC Diploma, Project
Management Certification…Vietnamese Traditional Martial Art Master. Founder &
CEO SeniArt JSC (9 years company). Former Project Manager & MD Happyland
Circuit Vietnam. 1000CEO & G.E.N Community – managing team member. Pre
Business Coach – Action Coach CBD Firm Vietnam
Toan holds a Multimedia Diploma of Marseille Industrial Institute, an IMC Diploma,
and a Project Management Certificate. He is a Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts
Master. Toan is the founder and CEO of SeniArt JSC, which has been running for 9
years. He is also the former Project Manager and MD at Happyland Circuit Vietnam,
managing team member of the 1000CEO & G.E.N Community, and the Pre-Business
Coach at Action Coach CBD Firm Vietnam. His values ​are Happy, Freedom, Caring,
Passion, Flexibility, and Karma. He is recognized by his clients for the “Client Centric
Solution” that he offers.

Felix Schickel
AMBASSADOR
IBSC Business Economics, Marketing & Strategic Manager at BCoffee Saigon,
Former Founder of Viewmo360
Felix Schickel has finished his Business Degree in Germany and South Korea and
during his studies worked in different areas (Strategic Development, Marketing,
Sales and Project Management) for Start Ups, medium sized Consultancies and
started his own Business in 2016. He has gain intercultural experience and
connections to the Korean, Vietnamese, Australian, German and American market.
He is interested in development of innovative strategies, consulting and project
management. His current position is closely related to his interest and the
implementation of Blockchain technology and the corresponding Coins/tokens into
the real world. In his free time he focuses on professional photography, videography,
arial photography and editing.

BitCEO Whitepaper

39

Legal Considerations
__

BCEO tokens are functional utility tokens within the BCEO platform. BCEO tokens are not
securities. BCEO tokens are non-refundable. BCEO tokens are not for speculative investment. No
promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to BCEO, including no
promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that BCEO will
hold any particular value. BCEO tokens are not participation in the Company and BCEO tokens hold
no rights in said company. BCEO tokens are sold as a functional good and Company may spend all
proceeds received by Company freely absent any conditions. BCEO tokens are intended for experts
in dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems.
Due to our aspirations for what BitCEO may one day become, the BitCEO Core Team have
exercised legal diligence in the lead-up to our token sale, involving consultation with our advisors,
and legal experts in Singapore, Switzerland, China, and more.
Due to the retrospective nature of regulatory action, the BitCEO team can make no guarantees
regarding the legality of the platform or launch in any given jurisdiction. Regardless, we are
confident in, and proud of, the work we have done to shape BitCEO into what we hope is a model
of regulatory compliance for decentralized applications and token sale. We will be responsive and
collaborative with any regulators as necessary going forward.

BitCEO Whitepaper

40

BitCEO Whitepaper
Disclaimers
__

Important Notices
The BitCEO tokens are not securities as defined under Singapore’s Securities and Futures Act (Cap.
289) (“SFA”). Accordingly, the SFA does not apply to the issuance of the BitCEO tokens. For the
avoidance of doubt, any prospectus or profile statement and no prospectus need not accompany
the offering of BitCEO tokens or profile statement needs to be lodged with the Monetary Authority
of Singapore (“MAS”).
This White Paper does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to purchase, the BitCEO tokens in
any jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful. No regulatory authority in Singapore,
including the MAS, has reviewed or approved or disapproved of the BitCEO tokens or this White
Paper. This White Paper and any part hereof may not be distributed or otherwise disseminated in
any jurisdiction where offering tokens in the manner set out this White Paper is regulated or
prohibited.
The information in this White Paper is current only as of the date on the cover hereof. For any time
after the cover date of this White Paper, the information, including information concerning
Zeniius’s business operations and financial condition may have changed. Neither the delivery of this
White Paper nor any sale made in the related token offering shall, under any circumstances,
constitute a representation that no such changes have occurred. Zeniius does not make or purport
to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty, undertaking, or other assurance in
any form whatsoever to any person, including any representations, warranties, undertakings, or
other assurances in relation to the truth, accuracy, or completeness of any part of the information in
this White Paper.

BitCEO Whitepaper

41

Whether taken as a whole or read in part, this White Paper is not, and should not be regarded as,
any form of legal, financial, tax, or other professional advice. You should seek independent
professional advice before making your own decision as to whether or not to receive any BitCEO
tokens. You are responsible for any and all evaluations, assessments, and decisions you make in
relation to investing in the BitCEO tokens. You may request for additional information from Zeniius
in relation to this offer of the BitCEO tokens. Zeniius may, but is not obliged to, disclose such
information depending on whether (i) it is legal to do so and (ii) the requested information is
reasonably necessary to verify the information contained in this White Paper.
Zeniius is not responsible for compelling any person to accept BitCEO tokens and disclaims, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, all liability for any adverse consequences arising out of or in relation
to such rejections of the BitCEO tokens.
Upon receiving any BitCEO tokens, you will be deemed to have reviewed this White Paper (and any
information requested and obtained from Zeniius) in full and to have agreed to the terms of this
offering of the BitCEO tokens, including to the fact that this offering does not fall within the scope
of any securities laws in Singapore and is not regulated by the MAS. You further acknowledge and
agree that the BitCEO tokens are not securities and are not meant to generate any form of
investment return.
The BitCEO tokens and related services provided by Zeniius (if any) are provided on an “as is” and
“as available” basis. Zeniius does not grant any warranties or make any representation, express or
implied or otherwise, as to the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, or completeness
of the BitCEO tokens or any related services provided by Zeniius, and expressly disclaims any
liability for errors, delays, or omissions in, or for any action taken in reliance on, the BitCEO tokens
and related services provided by Zeniius. No warranty, including the warranties of
non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, or fitness for a
particular purpose, is given in conjunction with the BitCEO tokens and any related services
provided by Zeniius.

BitCEO Whitepaper

42

Risk Factors
Regulatory risks
The regulation of tokens such as the BitCEO tokens is still in a very nascent stage of development in
Singapore. A high degree of uncertainty as to how tokens and token-related activities are to be
treated exists. The applicable legal and regulatory framework may change subsequent to the date
of issuance of this White Paper. Such change may be very rapid and it is not possible to anticipate
with any degree of certainty the nature of such regulatory evolution. Zeniius does not, in any way,
represent that the regulatory status of the BitCEO tokens will remain unaffected by any regulatory
changes that arise at any point in time before, during, and after this offering

No regulatory supervision
None of Zeniius or its affiliates is currently regulated or subject to the supervision of any regulatory
body in Singapore. In particular, Zeniius and its affiliates are not registered with MAS in Singapore
as any type of regulated financial institution or financial advisor and are not subject to the
standards imposed upon such persons under the Securities and Futures Act, Financial Advisors Act,
and other related regulatory instruments. Such persons are required to comply with a variety of
requirements and standards concerning disclosures, reporting, compliance, and conduct of their
operations for purposes or maximising investor protections. Since Zeniius is not subject to such
requirements or standards, it will make decisions on those issues at its own discretion. While
Zeniius will have regard to best practices on these issues, holders of BitCEO tokens may not
necessarily enjoy the same extent and degree of investor protections as would be the case should
they invest with regulated entities instead.

No fiduciary duties owed
As Zeniius is not a regulated financial institution, it does not owe investors in BitCEO tokens any
fiduciary duties. This means that Zeniius has no legal obligation to always act in good faith in the
best interests of holders of BitCEO tokens. While Zeniius will have regard to the interests of holders
of BitCEO tokens, it is also permitted to consider the interests of other key stakeholders and to
prefer these interests over the interests of BitCEO token holders. This may mean that Zeniius is
permitted to make decisions that conflict with the interests of BitCEO token holders. Not owing any
fiduciary duties to holders of BitCEO tokens also means that holders of BitCEO tokens may have
limited rights of recourse against Zeniius and its affiliates in the event of disputes

BitCEO Whitepaper

43

Tax risks
The tax characterization of BitCEO tokens is unclear. Accordingly, the tax treatment to which they
will be subject is uncertain. All persons who wish to receive BitCEO tokens should seek
independent tax advice prior to deciding whether to receive any BitCEO tokens. Zeniius does not
make any representation as to whether any tax consequences may arise from purchasing or
holding BitCEO tokens.

Risks from third parties
The tokenized nature of BitCEO tokens means that they are a blockchain-based asset. The security,
transferability, storage, and accessibility of blockchain assets depends on factors outside of
Zeniius’s control, such as the security, stability, and suitability of the underlying blockchain (in this
case, the Ethereum blockchain), mining attacks, and who has access to the smart contract where
the BitCEO tokens are stored. Zeniius is unable to assure that it can prevent such external factors
from having any direct or indirect adverse impact on any of the BitCEO tokens. Persons intending
to receive the BitCEO tokens should note that adverse events caused by such external factors may
results in the loss of some or all of the BitCEO tokens. Such loss may be irreversible. Zeniius is not
responsible for taking steps to retrieve BitCEO tokens lost in this manner.

Risks in receiving the BitCEO tokens
Zeniius cannot and does not guarantee or otherwise assure that there are no risks in relation to the
issuance of the BitCEO tokens. The BitCEO tokens may, depending on the manner in which the
relevant issuance is effected, involve third parties or external platforms (e.g., wallets). The
involvement of such parties or platforms may introduce risks that would not otherwise be present,
such as misconduct or fraud by the third party, or your failure to receive the BitCEO tokens upon
duly making payment because of a third-party wallet’s incompatibility with the BitCEO tokens.
Zeniius is not responsible for any risks arising due to the involvement of third parties, including the
risk of not receiving (or subsequently losing) any or all BitCEO tokens issued to you.

BitCEO Whitepaper

44

