BitStash Marketplace Whitepaper
The BitStash Marketplace is disrupting the $5.8 trillion dollar commerce
industry one transaction at a time. Providing a decentralized marketplace
and cryptocurrency for buyers and sellers. STASH aims to provide a solution
to our current inflation problems within commerce.
Website​: ​bitstash.co
Email​: ​hello@bitstash.co

Executive Summary
Why, What, How​: In finance, there is a natural supply and demand that occurs within commerce.
However, overtime the supply curve has been growing at an unprecedented rate. This is what we
commonly reference as “inflation”. The reason STASH was created, is to have a cryptocurrency
used for transactions that is free from tax and fees that can be utilized anywhere in the world
without any restrictions. Fiat currency is the primary form by which nearly 99% of the population
uses to complete transactions or induce trade.

STASH can be used as a primary form of payment not only on the BitStash Marketplace, but also
integrated to various vendor and supplier websites, eCommerce platforms and soon in-store to
accept STASH as a form of payment. We believe overtime STASH will begin to stabilize being
used for millions of transactions on a daily basis. Also in this regard, STASH will become a
symbol of value. As STASH begins to gain adoption within commerce, we believe the limited
supply in nature will provide a reverse effect to our current inflation model.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 1 of 22

Overview​: BitStash has several products that are being developed to bring cryptocurrency to
commerce. The primary product of development has been the STASH token, which is used to
facilitate transactions for products, goods and services. Another product that has been developed
is the BitStash Marketplace; this is a decentralized platform where users can buy or sell products
using STASH. Additionally, BitStash (STASH) is actively developing payment solutions and
plugins for businesses and organizations to start accepting STASH or crypto as a form of
payment, bridging the gap between commerce and crypto.

Problem​: One of the biggest and most predominant issues within commerce and finance is
consumers can’t buy anything for a penny or even a dollar in most cases. Many years ago, Fiat
currency was more valuable and had a limited amount to go around. As the years progress, we
see many individuals not only selling, but also buying goods or services while having a difficult
time saving (Fiat) money. This is solely caused by our current inflation model.

Solution​: Our intention is not to replace Fiat currency, however, we aim to provide a unique
approach to creating an ecosystem unattached to the current inflationary model. As we all know,
Fiat currency is the foundational currency in which our society operates on a daily basis. BitStash
(STASH) provides a reliable, stable and tax-exempt cryptocurrency to enable seamless
transactions. A limited supply currency hosting safer transactions in an ecosystem that allows the
token holders to have full control of their finances at all times. A limited supply currency in which
there is no third party requiring permission to interact with STASH.

Token Economics​: The following is related to the STASH token economics. (ICO Finished.)
●
●
●

Total Supply: 6,000,000,000 STASH
ICO Price: 0.00000015 ETH - 0.00000025 ETH
Available to Community: 2,800,000,000 STASH (46.6%)

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 2 of 22

Privacy​: Our members privacy is of the utmost importance. Any information collected by the
BitStash Marketplace will not be shared with anyone. We take pride in keeping our users
information safe, secure and private. Keep in mind that the payment solutions we create only
capture your ETH address and provide proof of payment. Any personal information is not shared
or collected by any STASH payment solution or provider. All information is publicly visible via the
Ethereum blockchain.

Opportunity​: The BitStash Marketplace and STASH token have created a huge opportunity for
those already using cryptocurrency as well as those who do not own or know about crypto.
STASH is creating products and solutions for existing or newly founded businesses to start
accepting cryptocurrency on their website and in-store. There are millions of businesses that want
an easy way to accept crypto while maintaining value in relation to the products or services being
sold for cryptocurrency. They do not want to be concerned with mining, staking, or any other
trends in the industry. Companies that want to accept cryptocurrency need an easy, secure and
reliable way to conduct transactions. STASH has proven to be the solution.

Mission​: Our mission is provide the highest level of security available to commerce. Introducing
new users to the world of blockchain and exactly what the technology is capable of. By creating a
real use case for cryptocurrency and enabling billions of people all around the world the to buy or
sell products with cryptocurrency, which helps reverse the traditional inflation model.

Disclaimer​ - This project is a work in progress and is subject to significant change. With that
said, any changes are meant to improve the project for our community. All figures are brought
as examples and are used for for explanation purposes only. While we make every effort to
ensure that all information in this whitepaper is correct, the information herein may be out of
date, incomplete, inconsistent, and/or inaccurate and in no way implies a contractual
relationship. The material is not professional, financial or investment advice.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 3 of 22

Table of Contents
Executive Summary

1

Market Overview

5

Differences Between Traditional Commerce & eCommerce

6

eCommerce Overview

7

Brick & Mortar Overview

8

Financial Overview

9

Supply & Demand

10

BitStash (STASH) Solutions

11

BitStash Marketplace Platform

12

eCommerce Payment Plugins

13

In-Store Payment Solutions

14

Mobile “Tap to Pay” App Solutions

15

STASH Token

16

STASH Token Economy

17

Token Allocation

18

Token Utility

18

Why STASH Token

19

BitStash (STASH) Roadmap
Estimated Development Time & Projections
Disclaimer

20
20
21

Legal & Regulatory
References / Credit

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 4 of 22

21
22

Market Overview
By definition, “Commerce normally refers to the macroeconomic purchase and sale of goods and
services by large organizations at scale. The sale or purchase of a single item by a consumer is
defined as a transaction, while commerce refers to all transactions related to the purchase and
sale of that item in an economy. Most commerce is conducted internationally and represents the
buying and selling of goods between nations.” ​[1]

The STASH token can be used for both eCommerce platforms and in Traditional Brick & Mortar
Commerce. Our primary focus will be on the advancement of both eCommerce and Traditional
Commerce. There is a huge demand for both vendors and consumers to save on each
transaction that is conducted in-store or online. About 90% of all transaction costs are passed
onto the vendor with the consumer unaware of the extra cost running an online or in-store
business. These transaction fees are relatively small at 1 - 3.5% per transaction. However,
running an in-store business or eCommerce site that is producing more than 100k a month can
run a yearly cost of about $10,000 - $42,000 just to accept payment for services or products sold
online or in-store.

This extra expense could be used to grow the company or organization faster, hire more workers,
pay for rent, marketing & advertising, etc. As we further break down earnings year after year
based on inflation, the company should expect a 10% yearly growth to stay in business.
Otherwise, the business could be at risk of running out of capital. Take a moment to review the
differences between Traditional Commerce & eCommerce below.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 5 of 22

Differences Between Traditional Commerce & eCommerce
Traditional Commerce

eCommerce

Heavy dependency on information
exchange from person to person.

Information sharing is made easy via
electronic communication channels making
little dependency on person to person
information exchange.

Communication/ transaction are done
in synchronous way. Manual
intervention is required for each
communication or transaction.

Communication or transaction can be done
in asynchronous way. Electronics system
automatically handles when to pass
communication to required person or do the
transactions.

It is difficult to establish and maintain
standard practices in traditional
commerce.

A uniform strategy can be easily established
and maintain in e-commerce.

Communications of business depends
upon individual skills.

In eCommerce or Electronic Market, there is
no human intervention.

Unavailability of a uniform platform
as traditional commerce depends
heavily on personal communication.

eCommerce website provides user a
platform where all information is available at
one place.

No uniform platform for information
sharing as it depends heavily on
personal communication.

eCommerce provides a universal platform to
support commercial / business activities
across the globe.

[2]

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 6 of 22

eCommerce Overview
As we can see from the diagram above there are some huge benefits to running an eCommerce
business opposed to having an in-store or Traditional Commerce business. On the other hand,
eCommerce businesses are not free from day to day struggles and still require some finesse to
acquire customers or to get what is called the “flywheel” to start naturally. There are plenty of
extremely successful eCommerce platforms we can learn from. For example, Amazon, eBay,
Catch, MyDeal, Etsy, Alibaba, GraysOnline, Tmall, JD.com are industry leaders. All of these
eCommerce platforms and Marketplaces have several things in common however, the most
important thing that each of these organizations share is they are all consumer obsessed. This
obsession drives their development further and provides a continued advancement of services.

Above we can see the worldwide eCommerce revenue on average per shopper online.​ ​[3]

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 7 of 22

Brick & Mortar Overview
While running an eCommerce platform may have its inherent benefits, Brick & Mortar or In-Store
locations are necessary and will always be around to provide “instant” satisfaction or exchange for
products, services, and goods. Imagine how strange it would be to have your Starbucks coffee
delivered rather than being able to grab it when you want it or while it's still hot. Brick & Mortar
businesses might change year after year and automation may be around the corner, but for the
most part, these traditional places of commerce are here to stay for the time being.

There are various industries that only offer services in-person or in-store that could also benefit
from a payment solution such as STASH. Providing store owners and service providers with a
custom QR Code that would allow for instant and seamless transactions in STASH. As the
network evolves and continued development takes place, we aim to provide additional solutions
including a “Tap to Pay” payment solution, Point of Sale system, or integrations to existing point of
sale systems already being used at these locations.

Some industries of interest that we are exploring solutions for include the following​:
General Merchandise, Clothing & Apparel, Food & Farm Products, Service Professionals,
Entertainment Industries, Concerts & Events, Bars & Clubs, Cannabis & Medical Marijuana, B2B
Businesses, Consultants, Delivery Services, Hardware Stores, Restaurants, and other industries.
All of these industries could benefit by using STASH as a form of payment for their products,
goods or services.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 8 of 22

Financial Overview
Running a barebones marketplace or eCommerce platform doesn’t take much funding to have
everything up and running. Servers nowadays are very inexpensive and can be setup on various
platforms to get started right away. However, just because a barebones setup might be able to
turn a profit, it probably wouldn’t be a staple in the industry. To have a real impact in Commerce
or eCommerce, companies need to be set apart from the pack, have solid inventory, unbeatable
pricing, partnerships with manufacturers, an easy to use platform, quality customer service and a
team of driven individuals to keep things moving forward.
General Expenses for Operating a Fully Rounded Marketplace (Yearly)​:
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Servers​: $50 - $12,500+
Team & Support​: $0 - $85,000+
Office Space​: $0 - $24,000+
Credit Card Processor​: $1 - $45,000+
Inventory Storage​: $0 - $12,000+
Partnerships & Integrations​: $0 - $150,000+
Marketing & Advertising​: $0 - $50,000+
Private Label Products​: $0 - $20,000+

Note: These are general expenses and do not signify a requirement to be a successful
marketplace or eCommerce platform. The above example is in a range and expected increase.

Above we can see the difference in Traditional eCommerce payment vs payment with STASH.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 9 of 22

Supply & Demand
The supply or quantity demanded is in exact relation to any given items price. This is true across
the board for just about everything in life we put a price on. Lower the amount available with a
high demand will produce an item with a higher price. Alternatively, an item that has a large
amount available with a low demand will induce a lower item price. The graph below shows
market equilibrium experiencing a shift in supply and a shift in demand.

[4]
The STASH token is a cryptocurrency with a limited supply, there is only 6,000,000,000 STASH
available and no more will ever be created. To put this in perspective, this is less than the entire
world population currently. STASH is a cryptocurrency that is used to facilitate any transaction
worldwide in a matter of seconds 100% free of any fees. BitStash believes that this new form of
payment will create a significant market demand and a use case for billions of people anywhere in
the world. With this change, we also believe we can reverse the inevitable inflation and reduced
value by most traditional Fiat currencies.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 10 of 22

BitStash (STASH) Solutions
We are currently creating solutions in which STASH can be used in the developing world without
restrictions. We encourage third party development on STASH as we start to roll out our planned
solutions for STASH. BitStash is a community based project and is driven by our community
support and development. As both Commerce and eCommerce develop, we are seeing a demand
for new technology and better solutions to enter the marketplace. Just as Google, Apple, Square
and others have started to develop this space to interact seamlessly in our daily lives. STASH
aims to bridge the gap that cryptocurrency is lacking in terms of development into better payment
technology and adaptability. STASH is proposing a new way to conduct transactions through the
use of Mobile Applications, Blockchain, IoT, NFC and other means of communication. The first
initiative is to create a marketplace solution that can be used by anyone anywhere in the world to
purchase products, services, or goods via the STASH token. This is considered our flagship
solution to show the success of both our consumers and vendors on the marketplace.

As development progresses in relation to our Roadmap and Estimated Development Time, more
solutions will begin to be rolled out as planned. Currently, BitStash is working on completing the
development of our in-house eCommerce Payment Solution and aims to have our first set of
Payment Solutions to be live by Summer 2019. Additionally, BitStash plans to have the official
mobile application launched soon. Users will be able to store STASH on their mobile phones and
complete payment in select stores via QR codes before rolling out the “Tap to Pay” mobile and
in-store payment solutions with STASH.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 11 of 22

BitStash Marketplace Platform
The BitStash Marketplace is currently live in Alpha / Beta testing and can be used to buy or sell
products, services, or goods in the available categories. The marketplace is our flagship location
to primarily test and see the results that can be obtained by using our payment solutions. At the
time of writing, there is currently 1,500+ products that can be purchased with the STASH token /
cryptocurrency. New products are being added on a regular basis as BitStash is acquiring
vendors naturally. Once our partnership milestone is reached, BitStash will start partnering with
select brands on the marketplace to offer more products at better prices in the near future.

Each transaction on the BitStash Marketplace is sent into an Escrow Smart Contract, which can
only be released by the purchaser. This record of events is captured within our payment solution
and passed along to the vendor as a new transaction / order. Once the vendor has completed
delivery and supplied tracking information (if applicable) and received by the purchaser, funds are
then released to the appropriate party.

Just like any marketplace, the BitStash Marketplace aims to be a safe and secure place to
conduct transactions while purchasing products. We have created an in-depth terms and
conditions agreement for both vendors and consumers as well as having a well versed return
policy for missing or damaged products.

After initially launching the BitStash Marketplace and going live with the Alpha / Beta platform, we
have acquired over two thousand new accounts in just a few days after the launch. Already, we
are able to see the demand for purchasing products with Cryptocurrency begin to trend.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 12 of 22

eCommerce Payment Plugins
In addition to the BitStash Marketplace, we are developing payment solutions required to facilitate
eCommerce payments on our platform and others. As mentioned, the BitStash Marketplace is a
flagship eCommerce platform to show exactly how a business can operate 100% entirely with
STASH.

Updated eCommerce Payment Solution Interface (being tested and developed). The below image
is an example of the user interface for making payments in STASH and will regularly be updated.
The image on the left shows what a customer will see
after entering in their shipping and contact information.
It will tally up the order total, shipping cost and any
other fees eCommerce owners can set. In addition to
that the price in STASH is calculated in real time
based on the current trading price of STASH. The
payment solution also checks to ensure that MetaMask
has been installed to easily transact or send STASH to
complete payment. Alternatively you can also pay with
STASH via third party wallets that you can include transaction data (easiest and recommended
method is with MetaMask). Currently, STASH is focused on developing these payment solutions
for various platforms. Solutions for the following are being explored; WordPress / WooCommerce,
Shopify, Magento, OpenCart and other eCommerce platforms. Allowing for a completely fee-less
payment solution to be integrated onto millions of eCommerce stores.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 13 of 22

In-Store Payment Solutions
Having in-store payment options with STASH will be a significant accomplishment for everyone,
especially those holding STASH as there will soon be an additional use case. The method in
which vendors and consumers will transact with each other will be 100% on the blockchain and
every transaction captured will be act as a record of purchase when a transaction is being
completed between the vendor and consumer.

All vendors that are a part of the BitStash ecosystem will be required to submit an application to
be a part of the network within the BitStash Marketplace. On the application, we will collect their
ETH address which will be used as payment for goods or services purchased as well as sending
STASH that has been received for each transaction. In order for vendors to receive STASH, they
will be supplied with a QR code that can be scanned and used for a fast transactions utilizing
STASH.

STASH is currently compatible with 33 different wallet providers and will soon be compatible with
just about any cryptocurrency wallet. Some of our wallet providers include; Trust Wallet, Ledger
Nano S, MyEtherWallet, Trezor, Edge, MetaMask, Lykke Wallet, Enjin Wallet, IAME Wallet,
MoonWallet, Ellipal, Balance and imToken wallet just to name a few. All users will be able to store
their STASH tokens via any of our compatible wallets to use for making purchases from any
vendor that is integrated with STASH. By BitStash enabling in-store payment solutions, we will
have the opportunity to greatly increase awareness of BitStash Marketplace making STASH a
well recognized form of value exchange for goods. Our initial target to launch the in-store payment
solutions will be within the United States and will expand to other countries.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 14 of 22

Mobile “Tap to Pay” App Solutions
As Traditional commerce and eCommerce progress into a more technically advanced era, Tap to
Pay features will have greater demand. Allowing all users to have a frictionless experience upon
checkout utilizing the STASH Token Tap to Pay feature. Ultimately, this will replace the need for
consumers to hold paper money (Fiat currencies) or credit and debit cards. Instead, all you will
need is your mobile phone and an internet connection. The innovation of NFC (Near Field
Communication) will assist in enabling current and future holders of STASH tokens to perform
faster and safer transactions by using “Tap to Pay” solutions.

Near Field Communication allows for the simple exchange of data between two smart devices
through the action of physical touch. All that is required is an initiator and the target for the
transmission of data between the devices to take place. Once the mobile device is placed within 4
centimeters of the target, the initiator will generate a radio frequency field to the target. The target
instantly receives the radio frequency field and all of the transactional data that is contained
within. BitStash “Tap to Pay” will work hand in hand with our BitStash Mobile Application. The
BitStash Mobile Application will need to be opened to allow access to the target. In the BitStash
Application, users will be able to view their STASH Token balances as well as past and pending
transaction history. Utilizing the BitStash “Tap to Pay” solution as a vendor, they will have the
ability to view analytical data in terms of insights and additional details through the vendor
dashboard. The dashboard can be accessed by logging in with the username and password that
was set up during the vendor application process. Upon completion of the transaction, the
consumer will receive a push notification in real time notifying them of their purchase. Along with
an inclusive record of the purchased items for future reference / returns.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 15 of 22

STASH Token
The STASH token was created on May 7th, 2018. Since the inception of STASH, a lot has
evolved in terms of what exactly the purpose or use for STASH would be. To this day, the primary
use of STASH is for conducting transactions within the BitStash Marketplace and on the
blockchain. These transactions can be used for products, goods, services, or anything that
someone is willing to purchase. The total supply of STASH is limited to a finite number of only
6,000,000,000 STASH, additionally there will be no more tokens created. STASH by design, is a
decentralized currency where there is no one central point of control or manipulation which allows
for a fair, free and open currency for anyone anywhere in the world to use or be apart of.

STASH is not a statement, however an additional option to our digital lives. A new normal where
users can effortlessly send or receive cryptocurrency on a daily basis for anything that can be
imagined. BitStash is enabling the developing world, the opportunity to use alternative currencies
as well as the already developed world to have the same opportunities and benefits of being able
to transact with cryptocurrency alternative to Fiat currencies.

Within the next few years as the development of STASH continues, several solutions will be
created and presented to the public bridging the gap between digital currency, physical products
and services. By doing so, BitStash Marketplace and the STASH token will be establishing a more
trustworthy ecosystem for vendors and consumers. Merchants across the globe will benefit from
having a simplistic and easy to use mechanism for receiving border-less payments in
cryptocurrency and more specifically, STASH.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 16 of 22

STASH Token Economy
BitStash (STASH) is creating an economy fueled and driven by the community. Like many other
token economies, STASH can be used as a method of systematic reinforcement, for example bad
actors are punished where as positive activity is rewarded. In a decentralized eco-system or
economy, there needs to be an active community interacting with each other on various mediums
that the STASH token is integrated with. In order to get new users or members to be a part of
STASH, we are developing an incentive program where new users can earn a small portion of
STASH just for joining via airdrops, completing tasks or taking part in bounty programs.
Additionally, STASH is also creating alternative methods in which users can be rewarded for
being active and using the platform.

The primary focus for BitStash (STASH) is to integrate the STASH cryptocurrency into the daily
lives of users worldwide. This includes commerce, trade, bills, employment, insurance and various
other areas that can all start incorporating the use of STASH within their pre-existing platforms.
BitStash is all about automation, the products and solutions being developed will be 100%
automated and will not require any human intervention for verification.

We envision a future where just as we have evolved in the past from using clay coins to paper
money, we have created a revolutionary cryptocurrency that anyone around the world can trust
and ensure its inherent value. At the same time being insusceptible to theft. That is virtual, light,
untraceable, fast, easily exchangeable into any currency and that can be used to purchase both
tangible and digital products. This is the future and BitStash (STASH) is doing everything it can to
make this a reality for billions of people all around the world.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 17 of 22

Token Allocation
The supply of STASH is fixed to 6,000,000,000 STASH. The following diagrams and graphs
indicate the percentage and amount that has been allocated to the respective categories.
Additionally tokens currently not circulating in supply are locked until November 2019.

Token Utility
The STASH Token is used for daily transactions between vendors and consumers. Currently the
STASH token is used mainly via our online flagship marketplace, the BitStash Marketplace. Within
the upcoming years, the BitStash team will be providing additional solutions to further enable
business owners, service providers, wholesalers, retailers and more to accept STASH. Any
developer can easily install plugins created by BitStash allowing for integration onto various types
of eCommerce platforms to start receiving STASH as a form of payment. All transactions on the
BitStash Marketplace will first go through our secure escrow provided by smart contracts. STASH
can also be used for collecting embedded data within each transaction to show reference as proof
of purchase or serve as a record of sale. This data can be used for various things such as
reporting expenses for items purchased, or even to create monthly statements. These are just a
few of the utilities being implemented out of a wide array that we have found already for STASH.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 18 of 22

Why STASH Token
STASH is positioned to be the primary cryptocurrency used for transactions all over the world
both online and in-store. Once our solutions have been released to the marketplace it's a clear
choice that STASH will be the easiest, fastest, and most secure method in which to transact.
Unlike most popular cryptocurrencies STASH will be providing additional products or solutions to
the ecosystem / network, aside from the already mentioned solutions above. These solutions
might consist of directories showing which local stores or websites accepting STASH.

As time continues and demand for such solutions becomes relevant we will begin development in
this area ensuring that BitStash (STASH) remains a clear choice when it comes to
cryptocurrencies and overall ease of use.

By using the the STASH token for transactions you are creating a transaction record on the
blockchain between both parties. No longer will you need to keep track all of your receipts or
invoices when buying things as it is all stored for your reference on the blockchain.

100% FREE of any fees or taxes, when sending STASH to anyone it will only cost a small amount
of wei which is required as gas on the Ethereum Blockchain to send ERC-20 tokens. In this
regard, STASH is not charging any additional fees or taxes to host transactions on the network.
As blockchain technology continues to grow STASH is also looking into creating its own chain
removing all fees that are currently associated with STASH.

STASH is a cashless, cardless, trustless, and permissionless way to buy or sell anything.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 19 of 22

BitStash (STASH) Roadmap
In the following section will reference the current roadmap for BitStash (STASH). It is important to
keep in mind that the dates being displayed are projected completion dates and are subject to
change. The dates have been set based on our current development rate and progress.

Estimated Development Time & Projections
●

December 2017 (Completed)
BitStash (STASH) was Founded.

●

July 2018 (Completed)
BitStash (STASH) ICO / Crowdsale & Release of STASH token.

●

September 2018 (Completed)
Complete development & launch of the BitStash Marketplace.

●

January 2019 - Present (Started)
Marketing and advertising of the BitStash Marketplace.

●

January 2019 - Present (Started)
BitStash is currently searching for brand and product supplier partnerships.

●

Summer 2019 (In Progress)
Development of first payment solution / plugin for eCommerce stores to accept STASH.

●

Spring 2020 (In Progress)
In-store payment solutions provided by QR code.

●

Summer 2020 (In Progress)
Release of the BitStash (STASH) mobile application for Android & iOS devices.

●

December 2020 (In Progress)
Tap to Pay solutions integrated with the BitStash (STASH) mobile app for fast & easy
payment in-store and online.

●

December 2021 (In Progress)
Reach 2+ million in overall sales on the BitStash Marketplace.

●

December 2021 (In Progress)
As development continues on BitStash (STASH) more solutions will be created.

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 20 of 22

Disclaimer
This project is a work in progress and is subject to significant change. With that said, any changes
are meant to improve the project for our community. All figures are brought as examples and are
used for for explanation purposes only. While we make every effort to ensure that all information
in this whitepaper is correct, the information herein may be out of date, incomplete, inconsistent,
and / or inaccurate and in no way implies a contractual relationship. The material is not
professional, financial or investment advice.

Legal & Regulatory
This whitepaper shall not and cannot be construed as an invitation to enter into an
investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way nor should it be considered as an
offering of securities in any jurisdiction. This whitepaper does not include or contain any
information or indication that may be considered as a recommendation or that might be
used as a basis for any investment decision. STASH tokens are utility tokens which can
be used only within the BitStash ecosystem and are not intended to be used as an investment.
The offering of STASH tokens on a trading platform is enabled in order to allow the use of the
STASH token and not for speculative purposes. The offering of STASH tokens on a
trading platform does not change the legal qualification of the tokens, which remain a
simple means for the use of the BitStash platform and are not a security.

BitStash Marketplace is not to be considered as an advisor in any legal, tax or financial
matters. Any information within the whitepaper is provided for general information purposes

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 21 of 22

only and BitStash does not provide any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of this
information. BitStash is not a financial intermediary according to international law and is not
required to obtain any authorization for AML purposes. Acquiring STASH tokens shall not grant
any right or influence over the BitStash organization and / or governance to the purchasers.

Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated with
cryptocurrencies around the world. In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or
regulatory actions may impact BitStash’s business and even limit or prevent
it from developing its operations in the future. Any person undertaking to acquire STASH
tokens must be aware of the BitStash business model. The whitepaper or
Terms and Conditions may change or need to be modified because of new regulatory
and / or compliance requirements ensuing from applicable laws in any jurisdictions.

References / Credit
[1] Investopedia Definition of Commerce:
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/commerce.asp
[2] Difference Between Traditional Commerce & eCommerce:
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/e_commerce/e_commerce_overview.htm
[3] A Closer Look at eCommerce Chart:
https://www.statista.com/chart/16215/global-ecommerce-revenue/
[4] Supply, demand and market equilibrium:
https://www.khanacademy.org/economics-finance-domain/microeconomics/supply-demand-equili
brium

BitStash Marketplace © Whitepaper Version 2.0.1
Copyright BitStash Marketplace © 2018-2019 - All Rights Reserved - Page 22 of 22

