POWERED BY BITTREX

Platform Token Sale (BQQQ)

Bitsdaq
Powered by BITTREX

Building The
AsiaGlobal Exchange

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

CONTENT
01

Exchange Partner of BITTREX in Singapore, Macau and Canada 06

02

Our Mission and Vision

09

2.1

Our Mission

10

2.2

Our Vision

10

03

Existing Market Pain Points

11

3.1

A Fragmented Market with Limited Quality Choices

12

3.2

Security Breaches

12

3.3

Low Liquidity

12

3.4

Poor User Experience

13

3.5

Limited International Coverage

13

3.6

Lack of Token Sale Support for Outstanding Blockchain Startups 13

04

Our Advantages

14

4.1

Seamless Integration with BITTREX

15

4.2

Cyber and Crypto Security

15

4.3

World-Class Customer Support

15

4.4

Comprehensive AML and KYC Policies and Procedures

15

4.5

Cross-Platform Coverage

16

4.5.1

Web-Based Trading Client

16

4.5.2

Native Android Client

16

4.5.3

Native iOS Client (Pending App Store Review)

16

4.5.4

Mobile HTML5 Client (Including WeChat H5 Client)

16

4.5.5

Native PC (Windows) Client

16

4.5.6

REST API

16

4.6

Multilingual Operational Support

17

4.7

Revenue Model

17

2

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

CONTENT
05

Bitsdaq Tokenomics

18

5.1

BQQQ Adoption

19

5..1.1

Value-Added Services

19

5.1.2

BQQQ Trading Pairs

19

5.1.3

IEO Platform Services

19

06

Token Sales Valuation and Schedule

20

6.1

IEO

21

6.2

IEO Schedule

21

6.3

BQQQ Token Sales and Release Schedule

22

6.4

Use of Proceeds

22

6.5

Use of Token Reserve

22

07

Medium Term Plan

23

7.1

2019 First Half: Launch of Bitsdaq

24

7.2

2019 Second Half: Bitsdaq IEO Platform Launch

24

7.3

2020 First Half: Globalization

24

08

Team

25

Ricky Ng – Co-Founder and CEO

26

Adam Cole Jacobs – Co-Founder and CSO

26

Eric Dao – Co-Founder and CTO

27

Haley Chow – Head of Business Operations

27

Sprina Wang – Marketing Director

28

Henry Yu - General Legal Counsel
28

3

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

CONTENT
09

Risks

29

9.1

Amendment or Termination of the Token sale

31

9.2

Token Risk

31

9.3

Project Risk

31

9.4

Digital Coin Risk

31

9.5

Regulatory Risk

32

9.6

Limited Availability of Sufficient Information

33

9.7

Immediate Use of Token Sale Proceeds and
No Refund Policy

33

9.8

Cryptographic Protection Measure

33

9.9

Abandonment or Developmental Failure

33

9.10

Theft of Token Sale Proceeds

34

9.11

Flaws in the Source Code

34

9.12

Unauthorized, Decentralized and Autonomous Ledger

34

9.13

Compromised Security

34

9.14

“ Distributed Denial of Service” Attacks

35

9.15

Inadequacy of Processing Power

35

9.16

Unauthorized Claim of BQQQ

35

9.17

Loss of Private Key

35

9.18

Forking

36

9.19

Popularity

36

9.20

Market Liquidity

36

9.21

Price Volatility

37

9.22

Bitsdaq’s Exposure to Cryptographic Tokens

37

9.23

Conflict of Interests

37

4

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

CONTENT
9.24

Potential Concentrated Ownership of BQQQ

37

9.25

Potential Competitors

38

9.26

Third Party Developers and Suppliers

38

9.27

Potential Misuse of Bitsdaq Technologies and Brand

38

9.28

Privacy and Data Retention Issues

39

9.29

General Risks Relating to the Use of the Internet or Other
Electronic Medium

40

9.30

Tax Matters Relating to Bitsdaq’s Operations

41

9.31

Tax Matters Relating to Participation in the Token Sale

41

9.32

Incomplete Information Regarding Bitsdaq

41

9.33

Further Token sales and Development and Sale of
Additional Tokens

41

10

Disclaimer

42

10.1

Notice to Residents of the United States

48

10.2

Notice to Residents of Canada

48

10.3

Notice to Residents of China

48

10.4

Notice to Residents of the United Kingdom

48

10.5

Notice to Residents of Other Countries

49

5

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

01

Exchange Partner of
BITTREX in Singapore, Macau, Canada
Powered by BITTREX

6

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

We are proud to announce the launch of Bitsdaq and the Bitsdaq Token
(token symbol “BQQQ”). Supported by a world-class trading system
powered by BITTREX, one of the largest crypto exchanges in the world
(by 30-day trading volume) 1. Bitsdaq aims to facilitate the trading of
crypto assets of professional traders, crypto investors and blockchain
start-ups by providing an exceptional user experience by utilizing its
cutting-edge technology and the professional experience of its team of
world-class veterans from the financial technology (FinTech) and
marketing sectors.
Cryptocurrency is one of the most rapidly growing asset classes in the
world. As of Feb 2019, the total number of crypto assets issued have
exceeded 2,000 2. The total market cap of all major crypto assets has
reached as high as a hundreds of billions of US Dollars as of Dec 2017 3.
Currently, the total market cap of all major crypto assets has remained
steadily at above US $100 billion despite the recent market correction.
With the best technology, marketing and operational support from
BITTREX, users of Bitsdaq are able to gain instant access to massive
trading liquidity of various crypto assets 24/7, and benefit from the
seamless order executions at very competitive prices.
Founded by a group of crypto enthusiasts from the financial technology,
marketing and legal sectors, Bitsdaq is headquartered in Hong Kong, a
major global financial center in Asia.

1. www.coinmarketcap.com 28 Dec 2018
2. www.coinmarketcap.com 28 Feb 2019
3. www.coinmarketcap.com 31 Dec 2017

7

POWERED BY BITTREX

ABOUT BITTREX 4
Established in 2014

300

Tier-1

different crypto
currencies and tokens
traded against BTC,
ETH, USD or USDT

most reputable and
strictly regulated crypto
exchange in the world

30-day trading
volume reaches

ZERO

US$ 1.2 Billion

security breach issues
since launching in 2014

4：Source: Coinmarketcap.com and BITTREX platform data as of 28 Dec, 2018

In spite of the increasing number of global crypto exchanges, the total
demand for crypto trading is still believed to be growing rapidly as it’s
fueled by new demand from rising interest of professional investors.
Leveraging our deep market network and solid trading platform integration
with BITTREX, we believe that the growing demand for global crypto
assets transactions and investment initiatives will continue to boost the
growth of users and trading volume on our platform.

8

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

02

Our Mission and Vision
Powered by BITTREX

9

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

2.1 Our Mission
As BITTREX’s second partner in the Asia region, Bitsdaq is destined to create a
Pan-Asia Market Network that can fuel the prosperous development of the entire
blockchain industry. Following BITTREX, we will be redefining IEO user
experience with top-tier security standard and exceptional efficiency.
With the IEO service offered by us, Bitsdaq is determined to be a mainstream allrounded IEO service-provider to support blockchain start-ups around the world.
BQQQ is the utility token representing the revolution of a new generation of
breakthroughs of the global financial market led by IEOs.

2.2 Our Vision
We aim to be the pioneer that’s leading the blockchain industry to the next
generation with our well-rounded IEO service platform. With our IEO platform
service, we will unleash the potential of various players in the field of blockchain
by combining our unique partnerships with edge-cutting technologies.

10

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

03

Existing Market
Pain Points

11

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

A fragmented market with
limited quality choices

Security breaches

Low liquidity

3.1 A Fragmented Market with
Limited Quality Choices
The over-crowded crypto exchange market is highly inefficient due to the
fragmentized bids and asks orders at the market and mismatch of pricing
information, resulting in low quality services and high trading costs suffered by most
end users. Competitive pricing and professional technical support are usually only
offered to a very limited population with exceptional amount of assets under
management.

3.2 Security Breaches
Security has always been the top concern of all players in the crypto field since the
invention of the first Bitcoin. Yet, many exchanges today are still the victims of
different kinds of cyber attacks.

3.3 Low Liquidity
Low traffic and thin trading volume led to poor liquidity of most crypto-exchanges.
As a result, most users of these exchanges suffer from high trading costs which are
mainly caused by high commission, unreasonable withdrawal fees, slippage and a
wide bid-ask spread.

12

POWERED BY BITTREX

Poor user
experience

Limited international
coverage

Lack of Token Sales
support for outstanding
blockchain start-ups

3.4 Poor User experience
In the crypto-market, professional traders and retail users require drastically
different kinds of customer support. Any delay with customer service responses
can potentially lead to serious financial losses in a matter of seconds.

3.5 Limited International Coverage
Most exchanges only cover trading activities a dedicated area or geographic
region. Only a very limited portion target users around the world and, at the same
time, are capable of providing a world-class solution to users and blockchain
entrepreneurs with varied trading habits and cultural differences.

3.6 Lack of Token Sale Support for
Outstanding Blockchain Start-ups
In spite of the recent boom in the ICO market, most blockchain start-ups are still
facing numerous difficulties when trying to raise capital through the sale of their
own utility tokens. Furthermore, most start-ups that have successfully completed
their ICOs are still facing difficulties in communicating with their token holders,
announcing development progress, enhancing the liquidity and popularity of their
tokens as well as suffering from sky-high exchange listing fees, heavy
development costs, and endless queuing for the approval of listing application.

13

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

04

Our Advantages

14

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

4.1 Seamless Integration with BITTREX
Lack of liquidity within an exchange could potentially lead to a severe gap
between the bid and ask price or large spread. Bitsdaq utilizes the Joint-OrderBook system with BITTREX International, in order to provide the maximum
liquidity and lowest price volatility when executing trade orders for its clients.
Orders of Bitsdaq users will be matched against both Bittrex’s users as well as
other Bitsdaq users.

4.2 Cyber and Crypto security
As of February 2019, there were over 30 severe security breach incidents
recorded from crypto operators around the world, resulting in losses of crypto
assets valued at in the billions of dollars 5.
At Bitsdaq, we utilize a number of top security measures to avoid possible
security breaches, including:

▪

Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) technology to avoid loss of username and
password for all security-related actions.
Platform wallet keys are distributed after being fragmentized into smaller
parts and each will be stored in different locations with at least three layers
of encryption.
DDos protection using CloudFlare and DOS protection using Throttling
/Rate Limiting.
Data sanitization middleware to avoid SQL injections.

▪

Protection against XSS and CSRF attacks.

▪
▪
▪

4.3 World-Class Customer Support
Bitsdaq provides top-tier support to its clients around the world with live chat
function powered by Zendesk (www.zendesk.com) in different languages. We
aim to take every single enquiry seriously, and hope to provide the best user
experience to our clients.

4.4 Comprehensive AML and KYC Policies and
Procedures
We adopt the strictest AML and KYC policies with reference to those adopted by
BITTREX, and utilize the most cutting-edge facial recognition technology
supported by JUMIO (www.jumio.com) when verifying the identity of every single
customer.
5. https://coiniq.com/cryptocurrency-exchange-hacks/

15

POWERED BY BITTREX

4.5 Cross-Platform Device Coverage
We plan to enhance our coverage on various devices and operating platforms,
including:

4.5.1 Web-based trading client
4.5.2 Native Android client
4.5.3 Native iOS client (pending App Store Review)
4.5.4 Mobile HTML5 client (including WeChat H5 client)
4.5.5 Native PC (Windows) client
4.5.6 REST API

16

POWERED BY BITTREX

4.6 Multilingual Operational Support
We support English, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and Japanese, on
all of our user interfaces. (Initial release will support English and Traditional
Chinese and Simplified Chinese only). More languages will be added later.

4.7 Revenue Model
Bitsdaq’s revenue will be generated from the following channels:

Trading Commission
(traditional crypto pairs)

IEO Platform
Service Fees

BQQQ Trading Pairs

Source

Trading Commission
(Traditional Crypto Pairs)

Description

A standard 0.25%6 fee per trade will be
applicable to buyers and sellers.

IEO Platform
Service Fees

Service fees will be applied to all
blockchain projects that are qualified
and accepted to execute an IEO on
Bitsdaq

BQQQ
Trading Pairs

Bitsdaq will further generate trading fee
income from our unique BQQQ trading
pairs

6. Subject to latest updates and adjustment announced on Bitsdaq.com

17

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

05

Bitsdaq
Tokenomics

18

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

5.1 BQQQ Adoption
The BQQQ token will have the following uses, including:

5.1.1 Value-Added Services
Holders of the BQQQ token can enjoy multiple benefits and privileges including:
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪

Exclusive access to third-party marketing airdrops distributed through
Bitsdaq
Prioritized preemptive rights on upcoming IEOs
Entitlement to participate in special allocations of upcoming ICOs on
Bitsdaq
Access to professional industry research reports reserved exclusively for
VIPs of Bitsdaq
Invitations to our offline community events.

5.1.2 BQQQ Trading Pairs
We aim to increase adoption and liquidity of the BQQQ token by opening more
crypto trading pairs denominated in the BQQQ token.

5.1.3 IEO Platform Services
In the medium term, we intend to turn BQQQ into one of the key denominated
IEO and ICO cryptocurrencies for small and medium sized blockchain start-ups
funded by or to listed on Bitsdaq. We believe this could potentially further
enhance the adoption and circulating volume of the BQQQ in our Bitsdaq
ecosystem.

19

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

06

Token Sales Valuation
and Schedule

20

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

6.1 IEO

Initial exchange offering details are as follow:
IEO Valuation

Up to US $100,000,000

Total token supply

10,000,000,000

Price per token

~$0.0065 (Private rounds) ； $0.0065 - $0.01 (IEO)
US $6,500,000, divided into:

Round of sales 7

1.

Angel Round (Phase 1) ~US $5,000,000 (961,538,462 BQQQ)

2.

Partnership Round (Phase 2) ~US $1,000,000 (169,230,769
BQQQ)

3.

Initial Exchange Offering ~US $ 500,000 (< 76,923,077
BQQQ)

4.

Over allotment option ~ US$ 250,000 (< 38,461,538 BQQQ)

Token for sale

< 1,246,153,846 BQQQ

Public float

~12.5%

Payment currency

USDT

IEO Individual
min/max
subscription

US $1,000 – US $2,000
Private Round (Phase 1 to Phase 2) : subject to schedule stated
in the respective subscription agreements

Release schedule

IEO subscribers : 30% 3 days after completion of IEO; 30% 30
days after completion of IEO; 40% 90 days after completion of
IEO

6.2 IEO Schedule 8
Date

Task

15 March 2019

Private round Phase 1 begins

30 March 2019

Private round Phase 1 ends

1 April 2019

Private round Phase 2 begins

20 April – 15 May
2019

Private round Phase 2 ends

Apr - Jun 2019

IEO begins

7. Allotment between private rounds and IEO is adjustable depends on actual demand
8. Actual dates will be finalized based on potential exchange decisions

21

POWERED BY BITTREX

6.3 BQQQ Token Sales and Release Schedule 9
Date

BQQQ Token in circulation

End of 1st anniversary

< 35% of the total supply

End of 2nd anniversary

< 55% of the total supply

End of 3rd anniversary

< 75% of the total supply

End of 4th anniversary

< 100% of the total supply

6.4 Use of Proceeds
Token sales proceeds

Use

40%

R&D and business development

35%

Marketing and user acquisition

25%

Working capital and reserve

6.5 Use of Token Reserve
Token reserve

Use

35%

Marketing, user acquisition, ecosystem
and community building

30%

System upgrades, R&D, team expansion

15%

Working capital and reserve

10%

Legal, compliance and other
professional services

10%

Distributed to team members

9. Any changes and adjustments will be updated on bitsdaq.com.

22

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

07

Medium Term Plan

23

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

2019
First Half

2019
Second Half

2020
First Half

7.1 2019 First Half: Bitsdaq Exchange Launch
Bitsdaq has partnered with BITTREX (one of the top tier international
exchanges) to create the first-ever Joint-Order-Book world-class exchange
system. We are currently facilitating a vast number of market participants within
BITTREX’s International network and have been attracting professional traders
and recreational users from Macau, Singapore, Canada and soon across the
globe. With an enormous aggregated trading volume, we will be able to acquire
more professional traders, institutional investors and crypto entrepreneurs into
our ecosystem, and establish a solid foundation for our future development.

7.2 2019 Second Half: Bitsdaq IEO Platform
Launch
Being a core member of a top tier crypto exchange network, and led by Bittrex
International, Bitsdaq aims to provide an efficient, secure and transparent
environment to facilitate the post-ICO development of outstanding crypto startups. Bitsdaq will build a world-class, well-rounded IEO Exchange, and provide
both upstream and downstream support as well as services to unleash the
potential of great blockchain projects. Through our relationship with our strategic
partners within the network, we will be able to lower the barrier of token sales for
crypto entrepreneurs.

7.3 2020 First Half : Help on Globalization for
Listed Projects
Through our international partnership network, Bitsdaq will be able to expand
globally and provide truly international and borderless trading experiences to our
exchange users. Meanwhile, we will be able to facilitate top tier global
professional traders into our exchange. We will contiinue to acquire international
corporate clients and develop additional tailor-made solutions of tokenization and
further consolidate the application of blockchain technology.

24

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

08
Team

25

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

Ricky Ng

Co-Founder and CEO
Ricky is the Chairman and founder of i-House.com and i-House Token (IHT), one
of the first blockchain real estate cloud platforms in the world. Prior to founding iHouse, Ricky also co-founded IClick Interactive (Nasdaq: ICLK), one of the
largest digital advertising platforms in the greater China area, achieving an
annual GMV of over RMB 1 Billion. IClick completed its IPO with an initial market
cap of over US $400 million.

Adam Cole Jacobs
Co-Founder and CSO

Adam has gained tremendous experience in the commercial real estate, finance
and blockchain industries. He is a senior associate at CBRE currently and holds
several senior strategic positions at some of the top blockchain industry leaders,
including Hyperion Crypto Exchange, Decentral, and Spend.com. Adam is a
special advisor to the co-founder of Ethereum, Anthony Di Iorio. He graduated
with a degree in finance and psychology from Western University in Ontario.

26

POWERED BY BITTREX

Eric Dao

Co-Founder and CTO
Eric holds a Master’s degree from the University of Washington, and a
Bachelor’s degree from California Polytechnic State University with 22 years of
research and development experience in Microsoft in Seattle (USA). While at
Microsoft, Eric was the Principal Engineering Manager, in charge of technical
development work related to Microsoft Windows, Office, Exchange, Sharepoint,
and Office365.

Haley Chow

Head of Business Operations
Haley has over 7 years of PE/VC investment and cross-border M&A experience.
He was the Assistant Vice President at the Chairman’s Office of the China UCF
Group and also the Senior Manager of Cyberport Macro Fund. He has a
Bachelor of Science degree in Management from the London School of
Economics.

27

POWERED BY BITTREX

Sprina Wang
Marketing Director

Sprina is a global token marketing expert, with solid proven track record. Sprina
assisted HMS to raise as much as US $ 30 million in less than18 minutes. Sprina
is also the Global business Head of I-House, the global business Vice President
of QFund, and global marketing Vice President of WeCash. She has over 10
years of experience in online marketing, product management and APP
operation. She is also a technical marketing expert with outstanding capabilities
utilizing platforms including Baidu SEM, Google SEM, Facebook Ads and page
operation, data analysis, and Google Play ASO.

Henry Yu

General Legal Counsel
Henry is the founding partner of L&Y LAW OFFICE and HENRY YU &
ASSOCIATES. Henry has over 16 years of legal experience. In recent years, he
has been focusing on the blockchain and cryptocurrency industries. Henry is a
member of the Innotech Committee (a.k.a. the Technology Committee), he has
also been appointed as Hon. Legal Advisor to the Hong Kong Federation of
Innovation and Invention; Hon. Legal Advisor to the Institute of Financial
Technologists of Asia; and Hon. Legal Advisor to the GHM-Greater Bay Area
TECHFIN Association.

28

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

09
Risks

29

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

Numerous risk factors may be involved in this token sale, as well as the future
development, maintenance and running of Bitsdaq. Some of these risks are
beyond our control and our liability is limited as set out in the Disclaimer section.
All purchasers should comprehend, consider and carefully evaluate the risks as
stated below in addition to any other available information before committing to
Bitsdaq.
All purchasers should pay particular attention to the fact that Bitsdaq does not
have any specific physical presence. In addition, the legal and regulatory position
of Bitsdaq may vary depending on the facts and circumstances. They may,
therefore, fall within the purview of one or more jurisdictions, at least to some
extent; and the legal and regulatory implications may therefore be unexpected.
Participation in the token sale shall be taken as an action after careful and
prudent analysis and evaluation, and will be considered as that the relevant
purchaser having been fully informed, advised and are willing to bear all
associated risks.

30

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.1 Amendment or Termination of the Token Sale
At the debuting date of the Whitepaper, we are still seeking legal advice on a
number of matters including but not limited to the governance structure,
operational plan and token sale process. Pending such advice, some or all
aspects of the Whitepaper and other materials may need to be amended, as
announced on the Website. Purchasers should be aware of the risks associated
with any possible changes, which may have adverse effects on the utility and
legitimacy of the BQQQ.

9.2 Token Risk
Holders of BQQQ will not be entitled to any dividends or distributions by the
company nor are they empowered with any management rights over the platform
or the company.

9.3 Project Risk
As with any project, the development and execution of BQQQ may have the risk
of delay or even failure. Although the core team has a good record in research ,
development and business management experience, this is not a guarantee for
absolute success. The team will strive to implement milestones outlined in the
project roadmap and will release our progress and challenges as transparently
as possible.

9.4 Digital Coin Risk
The volatility of digital coins may be dramatic. Please do not buy BQQQ over the
amount of risks you can accept. The best thing to do is to diversify your portfolio
and make digital coins a reasonable part of your portfolio. This, however, does
not constitute investment advice. As with any blockchain project, please take the
time to understand our projects and visions. Our goal is for purchasers and likeminded people to actively participate in our open research platform per their
interest.

31

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.5 Regulatory Risk
Cryptographic tokens may be overseen by the legal and regulatory authorities of
a number of jurisdictions globally. The BQQQ may receive notices, queries,
warnings, requests or rulings from one or more authorities upon short notice, or
may even be ordered to suspend or terminate any action in connection with the
token sale as a whole without prior notice. Moreover, many aspects of the token
sale also involve untested areas of law and regulation, and could be subject to
new legislations or regulations. Therefore, their legal and regulatory outcome in
all relevant jurisdictions is not possible to predict. The planning, development,
marketing, promotion, execution or otherwise of BQQQ or the token sale may be
seriously affected, hindered, postponed or terminated as a result of such new
laws and/or regulations.
Since regulatory policies can change with or without prior notice, any existing
regulatory permissions for or tolerance of BQQQ or the token sale in any
jurisdiction may be withdrawn without warning. BQQQ could be deemed, from
time to time, as a virtual commodity, a digital asset or even as money, securities
or currency in various jurisdictions and therefore could be prohibited from being
sold, purchased, traded, distributed or held in certain jurisdictions pursuant to
local regulations. In turn, BQQQ could be deemed to be a regulated or restricted
product. There is no guarantee that BQQQ and we can maintain any particular
legal or regulatory status in any particular jurisdiction at any time.
The regulatory environment for blockchain and cryptocurrency is still at an early
stage of development. We will do our utmost to comply with the development of
all legal and regulatory policies, but we cannot foresee how the regulations will
affect our project and platform development.
We will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, including, but not
limited to, real estate, finance, securities and other related laws and regulations.
In the presence or occurrence of relevant registration, approval, filing and other
procedures, we will strictly follow the guidance to perform the relevant
procedures. At the same time, we will strictly comply with the current laws and
regulations relating to promoters’ restrictions and foreign exchange control.
In any area where we carry out the relevant blockchain business, we will comply
with local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, registration,
approval, filing and other related procedures.
In addition, there may be other regulatory requirements in relation to the services
available on the BITSDAQ, such as licensing. We cannot guarantee such
licenses would be granted but we will use our best effort to obtain any necessary
license in order to comply with any regulatory requirements.

32

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.6 Limited Availability of Sufficient Information
The BQQQ is still at an early development phase as of the date of this
Whitepaper. Its governance structure, fees, purpose, consensus mechanism,
algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and
parameters may be updated and changed frequently without notice. While the
whitepaper contains the key information currently available in relation to BQQQ,
it is subject to adjustments and updates from time to time, as announced on the
Website. Purchasers will not have full access to all the information relevant to
BQQQ. Nevertheless, given the nature of the BQQQ and Bitsdaq, it is anticipated
that significant milestones and progress reports will be announced on the
website, together with purchase options as applicable.

9.7 Immediate Use of Token Sale Proceeds and No
Refund Policy
We will operate with limited funding at our initial stage and will therefore rely
heavily on the token sale proceeds raised in the token sale in order to operate
and develop the BQQQ. By participating in the Token sale, you acknowledge that
we shall be entitled to utilize the proceeds raised immediately and, in the event
that the development of the BQQQ is terminated for whatever reason, you will
not be entitled to refund of the part of the proceeds that were spent already.

9.8 Cryptographic Protection Measures
Cryptography is evolving and there is no guarantee of absolute security.
Advancement in cryptography technologies and techniques, including but not
limited to code cracking, the development of artificial intelligence and/or quantum
computers, could be identified as risks to all cryptography-based and/or
blockchain based systems including BQQQ and Bitsdaq. When such
technologies and/or techniques are applied to BQQQ and Bitsdaq, adverse
outcomes such as theft, loss, disappearance, destruction, devaluation or
compromising of BQQQ may result. The security of BQQQ and Bitsdaq cannot
be guaranteed as the future of cryptography or security innovations is
unpredictable.

9.9 Abandonment or Developmental Failure
Due to the technical complexity of the BQQQ, difficulties may rise from time to
time, which may be unforeseeable and/or unresolvable. As such, the
development of BQQQ could fail, terminate or be delayed at any time for any
reason (including but not limited to a lack of funds). Development failure or
termination may render BQQQ not transferable, or reduced or no utility
whatsoever, and/or obsolete.

33

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.10 Theft of Token Sale Proceeds
There may be attempts to steal the Token sale proceeds. Such theft or
attempted theft may impact our ability to fund the development or maintenance of
BQQQ and Bitsdaq. While we will endeavor to adopt the best industrial practices
to keep the Token sale proceeds safe (including but not limited to the use of cold
storage and multi-signature authentications), successful cyber thefts may still
occur.

9.11 Flaws in the Source Code
While we adopt quality assurance procedures to best ensure the source codes
as accurately as possible to reflect their intended operation, the flawlessness of
the source codes cannot be guaranteed. They may contain bugs, defects,
inconsistencies, flaws or errors, which may cause disability to certain
functionality, create vulnerabilities or cause instability. Such flaws may
compromise the predictability, usability, stability, and/or security of the BQQQ
and Bitsdaq. Open source codes rely on transparency to promote communitysourced identification and solution of problems within the code.

9.12 Unauthorized, Decentralized and Autonomous
Ledger
The BQQQ is being developed to serve various distributed ledger systems
including but not limited to Ethereum, which are unauthorized protocols that
could be accessed and used by anyone. In addition to the use of decentralized
ledgers, we intend to make use of supporting technologies that also operate on
decentralized ledgers. The utility and integrity of the BQQQ relies on the stability,
security and popularity of these decentralized ledgers. BQQQ is envisaged to be
an open, decentralized community and its composition can include users,
supporters, developers, BQQQ holders and other participants worldwide who
may or may not be connected with us in any manner. Given the diversity of the
underlying technologies, the BQQQ is intended to be decentralized and
autonomous in nature as far as its maintenance, governance and evolution are
concerned.

9.13 Compromised Security
The Bitsdaq is built upon open source software and unauthorized decentralized
distributed ledgers including but not limited to Ethereum. Accordingly, anyone
may intentionally or unintentionally compromise the core infrastructural elements
of Bitsdaq and its underlying technologies. This may consequently result in the
loss of any digital tokens held on the Bitsdaq wallet and may cause the utility of
BQQQ to fall.

34

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.14 “ Distributed Denial of Service” Attacks
As an open source project, Bitsdaq is connected to a number of public and
unauthorized systems and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks, including
“distributed denial of service” attacks at any time. These attacks may temporarily
or permanently impair, stagnate or paralyze the network of the Bitsdaq system.
This may result in delays to the recording of transactions or inclusion of
transactions in the blocks of the relevant blockchain. In severe cases, Bitsdaq
may also become unusable for an extensive and undefined period of time.

9.15 Inadequacy of Processing Power
The ramp up of the Bitsdaq may be accompanied by sharp increases in
transaction numbers and demand for processing power. If the demand for
processing power outgrows that forecasted, the network of the Bitsdaq could be
destabilized and/or stagnated. This may create opportunities for fraudulent
activities including but not limited to false or unauthorized transactions (such as
“double-spending”) to arise. All these may adversely impact the usability, stability
and security of the Bitsdaq.

9.16 Unauthorized Claim of BQQQ
BQQQ can be claimed in bad intention by any person who successfully gains
access to the holder’s wallet, email or if applicable, the purchasers account they
have registered on the Website. This can be as a result of deciphering or
cracking the holder’s password or private key, phishing scams and/or other
hacking techniques. Subsequently, these BQQQ may be sent to anyone and
such remittance is not revocable or reversible. It is recommended that all BQQQ
holders should take appropriate security measures to safeguard their wallets
(including but not limited to the use of two-factor authentication). Each BQQQ
holder is responsible for the security of their wallet and email on the Website at
all times.

9.17 Loss of Private Key
The loss or destruction of a private key will permanently and irreversibly deny the
holder access to their BQQQ. BQQQ is controlled only by the validation of both
the relevant unique public and private keys through the local or online wallet.
While it is recommended that all BQQQ holders protect and securely store their
private keys, each holder is responsible for safeguarding the private keys
applicable to their own wallets.

35

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.18 Forking
The BQQQ is developed on the Ethereum blockchain, which is an open source
protocol. Once released to the open source community, anyone may develop a
patch or upgrade for the source code of Ethereum without prior permission by
anyone else. The acceptance of patches or upgrades by a significant, but not
necessarily overwhelming percentage of the Ethereum holders could result in a
“fork” in the Ethereum blockchain.
The temporary or permanent existence of forked blockchains could adversely
impact the operation of Bitsdaq and the utility of BQQQ. Such a fork can
undermine the sustainability of the Bitsdaq ecosystem, and may destroy or
frustrate the Bitsdaq. While a fork in the blockchain could possibly be rectified by
community-led efforts to re-merge the two separate branches, success is not
guaranteed and could take an undetermined amount of time to achieve.

9.19 Popularity
The utility of BQQQ is dependent on the popularity of the Bitsdaq. BQQQ may
not be popular, prevalent or widely distributed after the Token Launch. BQQQ
may remain marginalized in the long run, appealing to only a minimal fraction of
users. Also, it may be the case that speculators could end up being key drivers of
BQQQ demand. An absence of active users or low level of utilization may
negatively affect the long-term development and future of the Bitsdaq, and
reduce or obviate the utility of BQQQ.

9.20 Market Liquidity
After the Token Launch, we are not responsible for the subsequent circulation
and trading (if any) of BQQQ. BQQQ is not money, legal tender or currency, fiat
or otherwise, issued by any individual, entity, central bank or national, supranational or quasi-national organization, nor is it backed by any type or quantity of
assets, property or credits. Nor does it represent any entitlement to any
distributions of profits, dividends, or any other returns or payments of any kind.
The utility of BQQQ is solely based on the views expressed by buyers and
sellers. We have no obligation nor does anyone else to redeem, repurchase or
acquire any BQQQ from any BQQQ holder. There is no guarantee or assurance
that there may be a market where holders may readily trade BQQQ.

36

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.21 Price Volatility
The circulation of BQQQ is not our responsibility, and we will not support nor
otherwise facilitate the secondary trading of BQQQ. As a result, BQQQ may not
circulate freely or widely, and may not be listed on any secondary markets.
Many cryptographic tokens have volatile prices. Even if BQQQ does circulate on
secondary markets, large fluctuations in price over short timeframes may occur.
Such fluctuations could result from market dynamics (including but not limited to
speculations), regulatory changes, technical advancements, exchange
availabilities and other factors that impact the equilibrium between token supply
and demand.

9.22 Bitsdaq’s Exposure to Cryptographic Tokens
After the completion of this Token sale, we expect that a certain portion of the
proceeds may be converted into and/or held in other cryptocurrencies or
cryptographic utility tokens. For the avoidance of doubt, no BQQQ holder has
any right, title or interest in any such cryptographic tokens.

9.23 Conflict of Interests
As the initial supplier and architect of the Bitsdaq and BQQQ, we have
substantial influence in the set-up, governance and initial operations of the
Bitsdaq. We may undertake its activities, and exercise applicable rights, powers
and remedies, even if this involves an actual or perceived conflict of duty, or any
person has a personal interest in their exercise.

9.24 Potential Concentrated Ownership of BQQQ
Immediately after the completion of the Token sale, a number of individuals,
including but not limited to the directors, advisors and our early backers may
directly or indirectly own a significant proportion of total available BQQQ. These
significant BQQQ holders may, acting alone or in concert, not necessarily make
decisions, such as holding most of the BQQQ to themselves, that are in the best
interests of the other BQQQ holders or the wider Bitsdaq community as a whole.

37

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.25 Potential Competitors
The Bitsdaq’s underlying infrastructural systems will utilize public decentralized
ledgers which are open source in nature. Therefore, anyone can copy, replicate,
change, enhance, reproduce, re-engineer, modify, reprogram or otherwise utilize
the source code and/or underlying protocol of the Bitsdaq. We cannot guarantee
the prevention of competitors from entering the market with similar technology.
Should this happen, such competitors may consequently compete with or even
outperform the Bitsdaq, and may render the Bitsdaq obsolete. There have been
and will continue to be a number of competing blockchain-based platforms that
dedicate significant human, information technology and financial resources to the
creation and deployment of various decentralized applications and/or smart
contracts.

9.26 Third Party Developers and Suppliers
By virtue of its decentralized factor, Bitsdaq will aggregate systems and content
from third parties. These will be provided by third parties, including users of the
BQQQ community, or from other decentralized ledger projects or open source
technologies. Some or all of these third-party applications, programs or services
may connect into or be set up on Bitsdaq which are beyond our restriction,
vetting, authorization or control. We neither intend nor have the capabilities to act
as an authority to scrutinize to any extent any applications, programs or services
to be developed on, connected to or otherwise associated with the Bitsdaq.

9.27 Potential Misuse of BQQQ Technologies and
Brand
Services or programs which may be banned, restricted or deemed immoral in
certain jurisdictions, such as gambling, betting, sweepstakes, pornography,
terrorism, hate crime and otherwise, could take advantage of the unauthorized
nature of BQQQ to develop, promote, market or operate. Regulators of a number
of jurisdictions may accordingly take administrative or judicial actions against
such programs, applications, services or even the relevant developers or users
thereof. Any penal action, sanction, crackdown or other regulatory effort made by
any government, quasi-government, authority or public body (including but not
limited to any regulatory body of any jurisdiction) may significantly deter existing
or potential users away from using BQQQ or holding BQQQ. In such
circumstances, the prospects and viability of BQQQ may be negatively impacted.
There is no guarantee that the BQQQ will be free from all inappropriate, illegal or
immoral use at any time.

38

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.28 Privacy and Data Retention Issues
As a part of the Token sale, the KYC processes and the subsequent operation of
the Bitsdaq, we may collect personal information from purchasers. The collection
of such information is subject to applicable laws and regulations. All information
collected will be used for purposes of Token sale and operations of the Bitsdaq,
thus it may be transferred to contractor, service providers and consultants
worldwide as appointed by us. Apart from external compromises, we and our
appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breach whereby their
employees may misappropriate, misplace or lose personal information of
purchasers. We may be required to expend significant financial resources to
alleviate problems caused by any breaches or losses, settle fines and resolve
inquiries from regulatory or government authorities. Any information breaches or
losses will also damage our reputation, thereby harming our long-term prospects.

39

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.29 General Risks Relating to the Use of the
Internet or Other Electronic Mediums
Without limiting the foregoing risks, any communication or transaction via or
information (including any document) transmitted via the internet or other
electronic medium involves risks and by participating in the Token sale or
utilizing the BQQQ, you acknowledge that you understand and accept the
following risks:
• We and/or Third Parties may use such authentication technologies as we
deem appropriate. No authentication, KYC or computer security technology is
completely secure or safe. You agree to bear all risks of unauthorized
access/use, hacking or identity theft.
• The internet or other electronic media (including without limitation electronic
devices, services of third-party telecom service providers such as mobile
phones or other handheld trading devices or interactive voice response
systems) are an inherently unreliable form of communication.
• Any information (including any document) transmitted, or communication or
transactions made, over the internet or through other electronic media
(including electronic devices, services of third party telecom service providers
such as mobile phones or other handheld trading devices or interactive voice
response systems) may be subject to interruption, transmission blackout,
delayed transmission due to data volume, internet traffic, market volatility or
incorrect data transmission (including incorrect price quotation) or stoppage of
price data feed due to the public nature of the internet or other electronic
media.
As a result of such unreliability:
• there may be time-lags, delays, failures or loss of data or loss of confidentiality
in the transmission of data and receipt of communications; and
• while we may believe certain data to be reliable, there may be no independent
basis for it to verify or contradict the accuracy or completeness of such data.
This is not an exhaustive list of all the consequences arising from such
unreliability.
• Purchasers are solely responsible for preventing anything which may be
harmful to any equipment that they use in connection with BQQQ or the
Bitsdaq (including any computer virus, malicious program or harmful
component) from affecting any such equipment, regardless of whether it
originated in connection with BQQQ or the Bitsdaq

40

POWERED BY BITTREX

9.30 Tax Matters Relating to Bitsdaq’s Operations
Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation.
Consequently, we may be subject to changes in tax laws, treaties and
regulations. Our income tax expense is based upon its interpretation of the tax
laws in effect at the time when the expense was incurred. A change in these tax
laws, treaties or regulations, or in the interpretation thereof, which is beyond our
control, could result in a materially higher tax expense, which in turn may limit the
financial resources available to us. Also, as we actively solicit interests for the
Token sale in multiple jurisdictions, such solicitations may lead to increased tax
exposures.
In addition, our tax payments may be subject to review or investigation by tax
authorities from time to time. If any tax authority successfully challenges our
operational structure, or if we lose a material tax dispute, or any tax challenge of
our tax payments is successful, our tax liabilities could increase substantially and
our financial resources could be adversely impaired.

9.31 Tax Matters Relating to Participation in the
Token Sale
Participation in the Token sale may have tax reporting implications and liabilities
for purchasers from certain jurisdictions. Such liabilities shall be borne by the
purchasers alone and all purchasers are advised to consult their tax advisors
prior to participating in the Token sale.

9.32 Incomplete Information Regarding Bitsdaq
Participation in the Token sale may have tax reporting implications and liabilities
for purchasers from certain jurisdictions. Such liabilities shall be borne by the
purchasers alone and all purchasers are advised to consult their tax advisors
prior to participating in the Token sale.

9.33 Further Token sales and Development and
Sale of Additional Tokens
We may, from time to time, and without prior notice or consultation, sell additional
BQQQ outside of the Token sale from BQQQ’s reserve. Further, we may develop
and sell additional BQQQ in respect of the Bitsdaq, or otherwise raise funding for
the Bitsdaq through any other means it deems necessary. Purchasers will not
necessarily receive notice of the sale of additional BQQQ or of any other tokens
or fundraising means. Participation in the Token sale may have tax reporting
implications and liabilities for purchasers from certain jurisdictions. Such liabilities
shall be borne by the purchasers alone and all purchasers are advised to consult
their tax advisors prior to participating in the Token sale.

41

POWERED BYBY
BITTREX
POWERED
BITTREX

10
Disclaimer

42

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

POWERED BY BITTREX

PLEASE READ THE ENTIRETY OF THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. NOTHING
IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES INVESTMENT, LEGAL OR BUSINESS
ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN ADVISOR(S) BEFORE
ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PURCHASE OF
THE BQQQs. NEITHER BITSDAQ and BQQQ, ANY OF THE MEMBERS NOR
ANY SERVICE PROVIDERS WHO HAVE WORKED ON BITSDAQ
(HEREINAFTER REFERRED AS THE COMPANY) IN ANY WAY
WHATSOEVER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY KIND OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT
DAMAGES OR LOSSES WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN
CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING THIS WHITEPAPER, THE WEBSITE AT
HTTP://BITSDAQ.COM/ (THE WEBSITE) OR ANY OTHER WEBSITES OR
MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE COMPANY.
This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does
not constitute a prospectus, an offer of securities nor a solicitation for investment.
The information herein below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any
elements of a contractual relationship. The Company does not and does not
purport to make, and hereby expressly disclaims, all representations, warranties
or undertaking (including without limitation warranties as to the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or reliability of the contents of this Whitepaper or any
other materials published by the Company) to any person or entity. To the
maximum extent permitted by law, the Company shall not be liable for any
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,
contract or otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from
default or negligence on the part of any of them, or any loss of revenue, income
or profits, and loss of use or data) arising from the use of this Whitepaper or any
other materials published, or its contents (including without limitation any errors
or omissions) or otherwise arising in connection with the same. Nothing
contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise,
representation or undertaking as to the future performance of BQQQs. Where
this Whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party
sources, the Company has not independently verified the accuracy or completion
of such information. Further, due to a change of circumstances this Whitepaper
may become amended or replaced from time to time and in that event there are
no obligations to update this Whitepaper or to provide recipients with access to
any information beyond what is provided in this Whitepaper. Readers should
monitor our Website closely for any updates.

43

POWERED BY BITTREX

The information set out herein or any part of it or the fact of its presentation shall
not be relied upon for an investment decision or form the basis of a legally
binding document. The agreement for the sale and purchase of the BQQQs shall
be governed solely by a separate set of Terms and Conditions or Information
Memorandum (as the case may be) (the TOKEN SALE DOCUMENTS) setting
out the terms of such purchase and/or continued holding of the BQQQs, which
shall be made available to you separately on the Website or provided by the
Company. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Token Sale
Documents and this Whitepaper, the Token Sale Documents shall prevail. No
regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out
in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws,
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution
or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
References in this Whitepaper to specific companies and platforms are for
illustrative purposes only. All statements contained in this Whitepaper,
statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public and
oral statements that may be made by the Company may constitute forwardlooking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief or current
expectations with respect to market conditions, business strategy and plans,
financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). You are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements given
that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual future results to be materially different from that
described by such forward-looking statements, and no independent third party
has reviewed the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper
and the Company expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express or
implied) to release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect
events after such date.

44

POWERED BY BITTREX

By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to
the Company that:
(A) you have solely relied on your own judgment in any decision to purchase any
BQQQs;
(B) it is your sole responsibility to determine if you can legally purchase the
BQQQs in accordance to your home or applicable jurisdiction shall not be eligible
to purchase any BQQQs if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise),
domiciliary and/or green card holder of a country (i) where the sale of the
BQQQs would be construed as the sale of security (howsoever named) or
investment product and/or (ii) in which access to or participation in the BQQQs or
the IEO Platform is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty and/or
administrative act, including, without limitation and subject to change, of such
jurisdiction;
(C)there is no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for the BQQQs,
and the purchase of the BQQQs is of speculative nature and none of the
Company or its affiliates shall be responsible for or liable for the value of the
BQQQs, the transferability and/or liquidity of the BQQQs and/or the availability of
any market for the BQQQs through third parties or otherwise; and
(D) In the event of any decision to purchase the BQQQs, you are purchasing the
BQQQs on an “as is” basis.
We do not make, and hereby disclaim, any representation or warranty with
respect to the Bitsdaq or BQQQs (such as merchantability or fitness for particular
purposes), except those expressly specified in this Whitepaper. Each
purchaser’s decision to participate in the BQQQ crowd sale and purchase any
BQQQs shall be made based on his/her own knowledge of BQQQ and the
information disclosed in this whitepaper. Without prejudice to the generality of the
foregoing, each purchaser will, upon the launch of Bitsdaq, accept BQQQs on an
“as is” basis, irrespective of the technical specifications, parameters,
performance or function thereof.

45

POWERED BY BITTREX

We hereby expressly disclaim its liability and refuse to be liable for the
following liabilities:
• any person’s purchase of BQQQs, in violation of any anti-money laundering,
counter-terrorism financing or other regulatory requirements that are imposed
in any jurisdiction;
• any person’s purchase of BQQQs in violation of any representation, warranty,
obligation, covenant or other provision under this whitepaper, which results in
the failure of paying and withdrawing BQQQs;
• termination of the BQQQ crowd sale for any reason;
• failure or termination of the Bitsdaq development which results in the failure to
deliver BQQQs;
• delay or rescheduling of the Bitsdaq development and resulting failure to meet
any published schedules;
• any error, flaw, defect or other issues in the source code of BQQQs;

46

POWERED BY BITTREX

• any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback or hard-forking of the original
public chain that Bitsdaq replies on;
• failure of Bitsdaq to meet any specific purpose, or its unfitness for any specific
use;
• utilization of the proceeds raised through the BQQQ crowd sale;
• failure to promptly and completely disclose any information relating to the
development of Bitsdaq;
• any purchaser’s divulgence, loss or destruction of the private key to his/her
wallet for cryptocurrency or cryptographic (in particular the private key to the
BQQQ wallet);
• any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension or
interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence,
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of any third-party
crowdfunding platform or exchange for BQQQ;
• any difference, conflict or contradiction between this whitepaper and the
agreement between any purchaser and any third-party crowdfunding portal;
• trading or speculation of BQQQs by any person;
• listing or delisting of BQQQs on or from any exchange;
• BQQQ being classified or treated by any government, quasi-government,
authority or public body as a type of currency, securities, commercial paper,
negotiable instrument, investment instrument or otherwise that results in it
being banned, regulated or subject to certain legal restrictions;
• Any damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost or other adverse impact
that is caused by, associated with, in connection with, incidental to or relevant
to the risk factors disclosed in this Whitepaper.

47

POWERED BY BITTREX

10.1 Notice to Residents of the United States
The offering and selling of this token have not been registered under the U.S.
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the laws of
certain states as this token should not be taken as securities. This token may not
be offered, sold or otherwise transferred, pledged or hypothecated, except as
permitted under the act and applicable state laws pursuant to an effective
registration statement or an exemption therefrom.

10.2 Notice to Residents of Canada
Unless permitted under legislation, the holder of this token must not trade the
token before the date that the issuer becomes a reporting issuer in any province
or territory of Canada.

10.3 Notice to Residents of China
The tokens are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly
or indirectly, within the People’s Republic of China (for such purposes, not
including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan),
except as permitted by the laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of
China.

10.4 Notice to Residents of the United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed
only at,: (i) investment professionals (within the meaning of article 19(5) of The
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 as
amended (the ‘‘FPO’’)); (ii) persons or entities of a kind described in article 49 of
the FPO; (iii) certified sophisticated investors (within the meaning of article 50(1)
of the FPO); and (iv) other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be
communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ‘‘Relevant
Persons’’).

48

POWERED BY BITTREX

10.5 Notice to Residents of Other Countries
All purchasers must ensure that they are permitted by the laws of their countries
to purchase BQQQ. We will only ensure that BQQQ is legal and compliant with
the law of the issuing country but will not ensure all other countries adopt or use
similar laws, especially in the event that the purchaser use other methods to
avoid relevant laws or intentionally hide from any relevant legislations. We will
not be liable for such situation.
This document has not been approved by an authorized person. Any information
to which this document relates to is available only to a relevant person. This
document is only for relevant persons and non-relevant persons shall not take
any action based on this document nor should he/she/they rely on it. It is a
condition of you receiving and retaining this document that you warrant to us, its
directors, and its officers that you are a relevant person.
Our social media and e-mail platform are places where we encourage
interaction, discussion, organization and participation between users of the
community, in cases that anyone is interested in our product.
Whilst we make reasonable efforts to monitor and administrate participation to
ensure that discussions are related to products that are made available in the
community, there may be situations where we are not in a position to monitor all
statements, comments and views made by every user. We ask that you are
respectful in your comments and behaviors. We reserve the right to remove
anything we deem to be abusive or personally offensive, material that is unlawful,
obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful or
embarrassing to any other entity or person, third party advertising, chain letters
or “spams”. Please be aware that anything posted may potentially be read by
thousands (or hundreds of thousands) even years from now. Therefore, users
should exercise cautions when posting on any of our social media sites.
We also reserve the right to terminate involvement by users who post such
content.
The views and opinions expressed on any social media sites of ours do not
necessarily represent our opinion. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for
the accuracy or reliability of information posted by external parties. Any
information posted on any of our social media platforms should not be
considered as financial, legal, accounting or other professional advice.
For your safety, never include your phone number, email, address or other
personal information in a post. Your comments are visible to all.

49

POWERED BY BITTREX

Certain information set forth in our website and other documents may contain “ forwardlooking information” , including “ future oriented financial information” and “ financial
outlook” , under any applicable laws and regulations (collectively referred to herein as
forward-looking statements). Except for statements of historical fact, information contained
herein constitutes forward-looking statements and includes, but is not limited to, the (i)
projected financial performance of BQQQ; (ii) completion of, and the use of proceeds from,
offered during the token sale; (iii) the expected development of the sale of BQQQ being
business, projects and joint ventures; (iv) execution of BQQQ’s vision and growth strategy,
including with respect to future M&A activity and global growth; (v) sources and availability
of third-party financing for our projects; (vi) completion of our projects that are currently
underway, in development or otherwise under consideration; (vii) renewal of our current
customer, supplier and other material agreements; and (viii) future liquidity, working
capital, and capital requirements. Forward-looking statements are provided to allow
potential purchasers the opportunity to understand management’s beliefs and opinions in
respect of the future so that they may use such beliefs and opinions as one factor in
evaluating an investment.
These statements are not guarantee of future performance and undue reliance should not
be placed on them. Such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and
unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual performance and financial results
in future periods to differ materially from any projections of future performance or result
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further explanation of the
risk involved in the Bitsdaq community please consult the documents as issued by us.
Although forward-looking statements contained in this presentation are based upon what
our management believes are reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that
forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events
could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. We undertake no
obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances or management’s
estimates or opinions should change except as required by applicable securities laws. The
reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Cryptocurrencies, cryptographic tokens and Initial Coin Offering (“ ICO” ) carry a high
degree of risk in a volatile and uncertain market conditions, in addition to other factors that
relate to the risks involved in the development of the blockchain technology, cryptographic
token exchange, etc. There are significant risks associated with the use of online
cryptocurrency wallets and exchange systems including, but not limited to, software and
hardware failure and internet disconnection and/or loss of keys and/or wallet addresses.

50

POWERED BY BITTREX

We are not responsible for such losses or failures. Purchasers of cryptographic tokens run
a great risk of incurring losses and damages as a result of purchasing any cryptocurrencies
and/or cryptographic tokens. Purchasers accept and declare that they are willing to
undertake this risk. The damages may include loss of all funds/contribution and also any
other expenses that the Purchaser has made.
Before deciding to buy any cryptocurrencies or cryptographic tokens, purchasers should
carefully consider their level of experience and risk appetite. The possibility exists that a
purchaser could sustain a loss of some or all of their monies and therefore all purchasers
should not send monies that they cannot afford to lose. Purchasers should be aware of all
the risks associated with virtual commodities and seek advice from an independent
financial adviser in case of doubt. Furthermore, there may be risks that are not disclosed in
our services and products. Purchasers should use extreme consideration and be conscious
of assessing their financial situation and tolerance for risks before engaging in activities
involving the purchase of virtual commodities.
Any opinions, news, research, analyses, prices, or other information contained in this
Whitepaper, our services and products are merely general product/market commentary and
does not constitute financial advice from us. We will not be accountable for any loss or
damage, including without limitation to, any loss of profit, which may arise directly or
indirectly from use of or reliance on such information, or on any recommendation.
The contents of any report provided should not be construed as an express or implied
promise, guarantee or implication that purchasers will profit from the strategies herein or as
a guarantee that losses in connection therewith can, or will be limited.
To the best of our knowledge, the information contained herein is accurate and reliable as
of the date of the service or product we provide; however, we do not assume any liability
whatsoever for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. Large
amount of the information is obtained from third party sources which have not been
specifically verified by us and we do not make any warranties that such information is or
will remain accurate, in particular in the event of such information being fraudulent and
misrepresentative in nature. We cannot ensure that these sources have compiled such data
and information on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy or completeness as
are found in other industries. The information contained herein does not constitute a due
diligence review and should not be construed as such. Any information given in our
services and products do not constitute any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a
particular use of any cryptocurrencies and/or cryptographic token. It is the purchaser’s
responsibility to check the relevant token’s information in order to follow any possible
change before purchasing any tokens.

51

POWERED BY BITTREX

This whitepaper has not been approved by an authorised person. Any information to which
this document relates is available only to a relevant person. This whitepaper is only for
relevant persons and non-relevant persons shall not take any action based on this
document nor should he/she/they rely on it. It is a condition of you receiving and retaining
this document that you warrant to the Company, its directors, and its officers that you are a
relevant person.
For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances would a holder of BQQQ Tokens be
entitled to or receive (i) any form of interests whatsoever in whole or in part (including but
not limited to equity interest, proprietary interest and ownership interest) or share in or
claim against the Company and/or the Bitsdaq, (ii) any voting rights at the board meetings
or shareholders meetings of the Company and/or the Bitsdaq, (iii) any management rights
of the Company and/or the Bitsdaq, (iv) any economic right (including any kind of right to
payment, distribution, income, dividend, profit, or other return, or any sums to be paid, or
likely to be paid, out of such return or profit) of or generated from the Bitsdaq (except those
directly between participants of the ecosystem) and/or by the Company, and (v) any interest
payments from the Company and/or the Bitsdaq.
This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of
conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and the translated versions of
this Whitepaper, the English language version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have
read and understood the English language version of this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any
way without the prior written consent of the Company.

52

POWERED BY BITTREX

Thank You

Whitepaper

https://Bitsdaq.com/

