BORA Ecosystem
Blockchain platform ecosystem
to promote content distribution and user activity

BORA Ecosystem Team
(contact@boraecosystem.com)

30 May 2018
(Version 1.3)

Disclaimer...................................................................................................................................................................................... 2
Abstract ......................................................................................................................................................................................... 7
1. Definition of the Problem ..................................................................................................................................................... 9
1.1. Problems with the Existing Industry ............................................................................................................................................................9
1.2. Review on Existing Projects .......................................................................................................................................................................... 11
1.3. Conclusion ............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 13
2. Solution 1 - Blockchain Structure ......................................................................................................................................14
2.1. Summary ................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 14
2.2. Platform Layer Architecture .......................................................................................................................................................................... 14
3. Solution 2 - Economic System and Incentive Mechanism .............................................................................................17
3.1. Design Purpose ................................................................................................................................................................................................... 17
3.2. Token Mechanism .............................................................................................................................................................................................. 18
3.3. Incentive for Ecosystem Vitalization and Growth .............................................................................................................................. 19
3.4. BORA Point's Flexible Extension Architecture ...................................................................................................................................... 21
3.5. Monetization ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 22
4. BORA Platform Ecosystem Usage Cases ...........................................................................................................................22
4.1. Games ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 23
4.2. User Reward Program ...................................................................................................................................................................................... 24
4.3. Game Community and Related Business ............................................................................................................................................... 25
4.4. Pre-paid gift card ............................................................................................................................................................................................... 25
4.5. Extension to Non-Video game Industries ............................................................................................................................................. 25
5. Conclusion ..............................................................................................................................................................................26

1

Disclaimer

IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ THE ENTIRETY OF THIS “Disclaimer” SECTION CAREFULLY. WE
RECOMMEND YOU CONSULT A LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) OR EXPERTS
FOR FURTHER GUIDANCE PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE BORA ECOSYSTEM TOKEN SALE OUTLINED IN
THIS WHITE PAPER.

1. Legal Statement
(a) This whitepaper (“Whitepaper”), in its current form, is circulated for general information purposes in
relation to the Bora Network blockchain project as presently conceived and is subject to review and revision.
The information in this Whitepaper is current only as of the date on the cover hereof. Thereafter, the
information in this whitepaper and/or information concerning Boranetwork PTE, Ltd. (“Bora Network”) may
have changed since this date.
(b) No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and
purchase of the BORA Token and no payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any sale
and purchase of the BORA Token will be governed by a legally binding agreement, the details of which will
be made available separately from this Whitepaper. In the event of any inconsistencies between the above
mentioned agreement and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
(c) This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation
of any offer by the issuer/distributor/vendor of the BORA Token to purchase any BORA Token nor shall it
or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any
contract or investment decision.
(d) The BORA Tokens are not intended to constitute securities, units in a business trust, or units in a collective
investment scheme, each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (“SFA”) of Singapore.
Accordingly, this Whitepaper therefore, does not, and is not intended to, constitute a prospectus, profile
statement, or offer document of any sort, and should not be construed as an offer of securities of any form,
units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a
solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction.
(e) No BORA Token should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any
opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising
from or in connection with the BORA Ecosystem, BORA Tokens, or products, or to receive sums paid out of
such profits, income, or other payments or returns.
2

(f) This Whitepaper and any part hereof may not be reproduced, distributed or otherwise disseminated in
any jurisdiction where offering tokens in the manner set out this Whitepaper is regulated or prohibited.
(g) No regulatory authority has reviewed, examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be in any jurisdiction.
(h) Where you wish to purchase any BORA Token, the BORA Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted,
classified or treated as: (a) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks or shares
issued by any entity; (c) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; (d)
rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract with the purpose or pretended purpose
to secure a profit or avoid a loss; or (e) units or derivatives in a collective investment scheme or business
trust, or any other type of securities.
2. Restrictions on Distribution and Dissemination
(a) The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted
by the laws or regulatory requirements of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are
to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Bora
Network or its representatives, agents, and related companies (including Way2bit Co., Ltd.) (“Affiliates”).
(b) Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to
or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons,
reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose
whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
3. Disclaimer of Liability
(a) The BORA Tokens and related services provided by Bora Network and its Affiliates are provided on an
“as is” and “as available” basis. Bora Network and its Affiliates do not grant any warranties or make any
representation, express or implied or otherwise, as to the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy,
or completeness of the BORA Tokens or any related services provided by Bora Network and its Affiliates,
and expressly disclaims any liability for errors, delays, or omissions in, or for any action taken in reliance on,
the BORA Tokens and related services provided by Bora Network and its Affiliates.
(b) Bora Network and its Affiliates do not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation,
warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set
out in this Whitepaper.
(c) To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws and regulations, Bora Network and its Affiliates
shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,
3

contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or
data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part
thereof by you.
4. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements
(a) Certain information set forth in this Whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the
future of the project, future events and projections. These statements are not statements of historical fact
and may be identified by but not limited to words and phrases such as “will”, “estimate”, “believe”, “expect”,
“project”, “anticipate”, or words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are also included in
other publicly available materials such as presentations, interviews, videos etc. information contained in this
Whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited to future results, performance,
or achievements of Bora Network or its Affiliates.
(b) The forward-looking statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance and no undue reliance should be placed on them. Should any of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, the actual performance and progress of Bora Network or its Affiliates
might differ from expectations set by the forward-looking statements. Bora Network or its Affiliates
undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements should there be any change in circumstances.
By acting upon forward-looking information received from this Whitepaper, Bora Network or its Affiliates’
website and other materials produced by Bora Network or its Affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility
in the event where the forward-looking statements do not materialize.
(c) As of the date of this White Paper, the BORA Platform has not been completed and is not fully operational.
Any description pertaining to and regarding the BORA Platform is made on the basis that the BORA Platform
will be completed and be fully operational. However, this paragraph shall in no way be construed as
providing any form of guarantee or assurance that the BORA Platform will eventually be completed or be
fully operational.
5. Potential Risks
(a) Please carefully read every piece of information, understand and analyze the risks related factors before
deciding to participate and purchase the BORA Token. The risks include, but are not limited to:
(i) risk of losing access to BORA Token due to loss of private key, credentials and other identification
information, or any other kind of custodial or purchaser errors;
(ii) fluctuations of the price of BORA Token post issuance due to the general global market and economic
conditions. Such volatility in the value of the BORA Token may lead to Bora Network not being able to fund
the development of the BORA Ecosystem, or may not be able to maintain the BORA Ecosystem in the
manner intended;
4

(iii) any malfunction, unplanned function or unexpected operation of the Ethereum protocol which may, in
turn, cause the BORA Token or the BORA Ecosystem to malfunction or operate in a way that is not expected
as they are based on the Ethereum protocol. Ether, the native Ethereum Protocol account unit, may itself
lose value in a similar way to BORA Token, and also in other ways;
(iv) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory
environment in the countries in which Bora Network or its Affiliates conduct their businesses and operations,
and the ability of Bora Network or its Affiliates to survive or compete under such conditions. It is possible
that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on, or introduce new regulations addressing,
blockchain technology, which may be contrary to the BORA Token and/or the BORA Ecosystem which may,
inter alia, result in substantial modifications of the BORA Ecosystem and the Bora Network blockchain
project, including termination and loss of BORA Tokens;
(v) changes in the future capital needs of Bora Network or its Affiliates and the availability of financing and
capital to fund such needs. A lack of funding could impact the development of the BORA Platform and the
uses or potential value of the BORA Token;
(vi) for a number of reasons including, but not limited to, an unfavorable fluctuation in BORA Token value,
the failure of business relationships or competing intellectual property claims, the Bora Network project
may no longer be a viable activity and may be dissolved or simply not launched;
(vii) the lack of interest from large number of companies, individuals and other organizations for the BORA
Ecosystem and services and that may have limited public interest in the creation and development of
distributed applications. Such a lack of interest could lead to a lack of funding and also impact the
development of the BORA Platform and the uses or potential value of BORA Token;
(viii) significant changes made to the features or specifications of the BORA Token or the BORA Platform
before the release or implementation of the Bora Network project and/or the BORA Ecosystem. While Bora
Network intends for the BORA Token and the BORA Ecosystem to function as described in the Whitepaper,
Bora Network may nevertheless make such changes;
(ix) competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, which could potentially adversely
impact the BORA Token and the BORA Ecosystem (e.g. lack of commercial success or prospects caused by
competing projects);
(x) interference with the use of BORA Token and the infrastructure of the BORA Ecosystem due to any
weaknesses or malware that may be intentionally or unintentionally introduced into the software of the
BORA Ecosystem. The blockchain used for the platform is also vulnerable to attacks which pose a risk to
the platform and the performance of related services;
(xi) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect the businesses or operations of Bora
5

Network or its Affiliates and other factors beyond the control of Bora Network or its Affiliates. This includes
mining attacks, attacks by hackers or other individuals that could result in theft or loss of proceeds of the
BORA Token sale, or the BORA Token and impacting the ability to develop the BORA Ecosystem;
(xii) the BORA Token and other cryptocurrencies are a new, untested technology and constantly developing.
The full functionality of the BORA Token is not yet complete and no assurance can be provided of such
completion. As technology matures, developments in cryptographic technologies and techniques or changes
in consensus protocol or algorithms could present risks to the BORA Token, the BORA Token sale, the Bora
Network project and/or the BORA Ecosystem, including the utility of the BORA Token;
(xiii) BORA Tokens confer no governance rights of any kind with respect to the Bora Network project, the
BORA Ecosystem and/or Bora Network and all decisions will be made by Bora Network at its sole discretion,
including decisions to discontinue the Bora Network’s products or services, the Bora Network project and/or
BORA Ecosystem, to create and sell more BORA Tokens for use in the BORA Ecosystem or to sell or liquidate
Bora Network; and
(xiv) The tax treatment and accounting of the BORA Tokens is uncertain and may vary amongst jurisdictions.
There may be adverse tax consequences and independent tax advice in connection with purchasing BORA
Tokens should be obtained.
In addition to the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that Bora Network and its Affiliates cannot
predict. Risks may also occur as unanticipated combinations or as changes in the risks stipulated herein.
(b) If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects of Bora Network or its Affiliates could be materially and adversely affected. In
such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the BORA Tokens.
6. No Further Information or Update
No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation not contained in this
Whitepaper in connection with the BORA Token, Bora Network or its Affiliates and their respective businesses
and operations, and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been
authorized by or on behalf of Bora Network or its Affiliates.
7. No Advice
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice
regarding the BORA Token, Bora Network or its Affiliates. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax
or other professional advisor(s) regarding the BORA Token, Bora Network or its Affiliates and their respective
businesses and operations. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any
purchase of BORA Token for an indefinite period of time.

6

Abstract

Internet-based content businesses like video game, social communities and entertainment have grown on
an immense scale. But a lack of transparency and disclosure, the ever-present risk of user asset loss,
transaction risk, and the high brokerage costs may reduce user motivation and immersion levels. As such,
content providers today are required to increase their efforts to secure loyal users. While some content
providers may want to implement blockchain technology, many find the application of new technology and
entering into a young market to be a heavy burden. Unfortunately, the current state of developmental
support and mitigating risks for blockchain-related projects are still lacking.
The BORA Platform ecosystem is a solution designed to resolve these issues. The BORA Platform design
consists of an internal blockchain (BORA Chain) and the Ethereum public blockchain linked together. It aims
to provide the high transaction throughput and expandability required for commercial content application
services. BORA Chain is designed with a modular architecture, and the modular design allows each
application on the platform to enjoy independent service environments.
Tokens for internal circulation (BORA Points) within the ecosystem exist within the BORA Chain, and are
linked to ERC-20 tokens (BORA Tokens). Through this structure, user assets are protected, and the transfer
process to BORA Tokens and execution is ensured. As a result, user assets are no longer in a structure that
is dependent on existing content providers, but rather exist with the user and ecosystem. Content providers
do not need to separately develop new blockchains, and can participate in the decentralized ecosystem
using the web interface and API provided by the BORA Platform.
The BORA Platform ecosystem will also consist of the BORA Point Incentive Program, which aims to benefit
all ecosystem participants and is operated based on smart contracts. Blockchain-based promotion
campaigns and rewards programs can be applied to radically improve user retention, ultimately resulting in
an increased service Lifetime Value (LTV).
The BORA Ecosystem is designed so that all participants can contribute to the ecosystem and receive
reasonable rewards, with voluntary and continuous user activity all driven by the token-based economic
system and incentive mechanisms. Behavior that is inappropriate for the ecosystem can be self-regulated
as it does not benefit anyone in the ecosystem (including the perpetrator), and content providers within
the ecosystem can share the goal and motivation to compete in good faith through service quality
improvements rather than unfair practices.
The BORA Platform's first goal is to use trial services for fast network and ecosystem verification, leading to
commercialization. Video game fits this goal best, considering its factors of popularity and intuitiveness.
Thus, the developer that entered a partnership with the BORA team is developing a game for the trial
7

service that will be linked with the BORA Chain. The blockchain technology industry is still in its infancy but
is continuously advancing and growing. The BORA Platform also has a road map to enhance the platform
and BORA Chain while extending the ecosystem range, matching the advances in technology and ecosystem
growth. Through a series of processes, we ultimately seek to build and grow an ecosystem that promotes
content business circulation and continuous user activity within a decentralized platform environment.

8

1. Definition of the Problem

1.1. Problems with the Existing Industry

1.1.1. Credibility - Veracity, Transparency, and Security of Information
There have always been credibility issues between the content information sender and receiver in the
existing digital industry. In our view, this is due to the difficulty in confirming the veracity of the information
provided, the lack of transparency in the provision of said information, and the fact that the information
could be modified or lost at any time.
Even if the content provider provided valid information, it is difficult for the user to verify the information.
It is similarly difficult for the provider to prove and impress on the user the integrity of the information.
Take for example, the video game industry. It is difficult for game players to accept at face value that the
game randomly shuffles the cards for each new game, and deals the cards fairly for each new hand. Players
may still refuse to believe the information provided with the randomized loot box that they have a 1%
chance of obtaining a rare game item, and refrain from purchasing the product. 1
Apart from the questionable accuracy of the information from content providers, the transparency in
disclosing information is also lacking. Content providers with their own servers and databases could directly
control which information is recorded, stored, and shared. As such, it is difficult for users to know which
information was recorded, and what level of information was shared. For instance, most mobile games do
not provide individual probabilities or expected values for probability-based items sold through in-app
purchases as well.2
Beyond this, the information in databases can be modified or falsified at any time as a result of a bug, and
administrator mistake or by a deliberate action. Sometimes, information can be lost, or even omitted (not
recorded). This reversibility of information can cause a negative effect on the service’s credibility.
These issues have also caused considerable waste of resources. For instance, in the online poker service 3
we studied: 60% of the customer inquiries were related to 'suspicion of manipulation of game probability

1

http://www.koreaherald.com/view.php?ud=20180402000884

South Korea and some jurisdictions require disclosure of information related to these probability-based items, but there is a limit to
the disclosure method and level. The App Store also made the disclosure of probabilities for loot boxes (probability-based items)
mandatory through its new App Store Review Guidelines on Dec. 21st, 2017. But Apple does not technically verify the disclosed
probability, and it is still difficult to judge the veracity of the information actually provided.
2

An online game service that once recorded $32M in monthly sales, which was proven by source code and log data review, had no
no manipulation of in-game probabilities.
3

9

and mistrust of game records', and another 25% were that 'game money has been lost or hacked. 4 A
separate customer service group with a large number of personnel had to be opened to handle these
complaints and inquiries.

1.1.2. User Asset Value - Dependency, Severity, and Loss
Content providers in the areas of video game, online social communities, and entertainment create and/or
circulate content with complementing services. Users enjoy and consume the content through a variety of
means and often times they involve a great deal of time, effort, and money. Through this process, content
providers may profit from the content’s popularity and users on the other hand obtain - quite often emotionally attached, hard-won digital assets. Although, the assets are obtained through value trade-offs,
the majority of user assets cannot become the sole property of the user. This is because the digital assets
of a user are linked to the content provider’s services. The '100M in-game money' accumulated by the user,
the 'Platinum status level' built up in the community, and the '100,000-strong army' that was completed
with the user’s time and money will all disappear once the relevant content services are suspended. They
will all disappear, regardless of how much time, effort, or money the user has spent to obtain and accumulate
them.5 It is our view that this type of user asset dependency reduces the participation, immersion, and
payment of the users, who are aware of this limited asset ownership. As such, content providers must put
more effort and cost into finding high-loyalty users.
In addition, in cases such as the 'one-to-many' relationship structure between the user and the content
service provider, assets accumulated in different services cannot be consolidated, and cannot be valuedetermined using a unified criteria even if they belong to the same user. If an asset’s value cannot be
determined, then it is not fit for ownership, trade, or transaction. Therefore, the number of users who put
their time and resource to acquire these assets can only be a small portion of the whole population of
users. For this reason, providers of content such as those in the video game industry incur a large cost to
increase the user purchase rate - even though it is for a small fraction of increase - via in-app-purchasing
or freemium model.
Also, the asset value of content services may be easily harmed or lost. The value of 100 million in-game
money, which the user has accumulated through years of play, may plummet to 1/100 of its original value
if there are game money duplication hacks or abuses. The game money value will also plummet if the game
business suddenly decides to provide 100 million of in-game money every day, for free, to bring in new

A vast majority of these inquiries stemmed from user misunderstanding. According to the result, the randomization function from
game server, that oversees the game logic was running fairly. Most of the game record related complaints and inquiries stemmed
from erroneous memories from user experience.
4

Of course, there are instances of blog service termination where entries are backed up or transferred to another service. However,
the user's own entries are most likely only a part of the blog's user accumulated assets.
5

10

users. Situations such as these occasionally occur in video game services. 6
Thus, it is difficult to determine and maintain the value of user’s digital assets as they are dependent on
the content providers, difficult to consolidate and liable to loss by outside force. Obviously, it will also be
difficult to engage in trade or transaction activities with the assets of this nature. This effect demotivates
and reduce participation from the users, causing a vicious cycle for the content providers due to the
increased cost of securing loyal users, which increases the operating cost, resulting in lower service quality,
and so forth.

1.1.3. Broker Transactions
Digital assets for some content services have trades or transactions taking place through brokers, with their
value acknowledged in the process. In mobile RPG games for example, there may be brokered transactions
of game money (e.g. gold, gems), which are purchased from users and then sold to others at a lower price
than the in-game shop. In highly trade-activated game services, there are specialized brokers who purchase
in-game money from users to resell. In our experience, they usually purchase chips at around 80% of the
in-game shop price, then resell them at around 90% for a 10 - 15% profit. Sometimes the scale of brokered
transactions is larger than the sales occurring within the game service itself. 7
However, transaction fraud and excessive fees during the broker transaction processes increase the
transaction risks and expenses, while decreasing transaction quality. Some malicious broker and traders steal
in-game money using hacks and also resell the stolen merchandise at low prices. Item trading specialty
sites8 have emerged to resolve these issues, but there are still fraudulent transactions between buyers and
sellers when the transaction process is complex, and the transaction fees can be steep.

1.2. Review on Existing Projects

1.2.1. Performance and Expandability
Internet-based commercial content services such as video game and communities require massive and rapid
transaction processing. As such, each project that is preparing for a decentralized application platform is
taking its own approach to resolving transaction performance issues. However, there are also some projects
The Stone of Jordan ring was the valued currency in Diablo 2, but became mass circulated through item duplication. Blizzard applied
a special event system patch called Uber Diablo as a means of retrieving the rings. The action of selling the Jordan ring triggered
special monsters to appear, which had chance to drop highly-valued items, which made users sell Jordan ring to shop.
6

7

Reference about account hijacking https://www.cnet.com/news/no-end-in-sight-to-hacking-of-wow-accounts-1/

8

Representative sites include opskins.com, itembay.com, and itemmania.com.

11

that they do not show much concern in these areas. One such project, claiming to be a blockchain casino
service, does not mention whether it has sufficient capacity to handle hundreds to thousands of blackjack
tables operating simultaneously. A game of blackjack lasts 1 minute 30 seconds at most and a new one is
created right after multiple chip transactions occur during the game, and hundreds to tens of thousands of
players can simultaneously generate these transactions. As such, a sufficient level of performance to meet
such service requirements must be secured.

1.2.2. Burdens of Entering a New Industry
It is rare to see completely ground breaking innovation projects appear in the blockchain landscape. Most
projects that appear in the blockchain market currently utilize blockchain technology for incremental
improvements, addressing one or two existing shortfalls in the current system. While there are dozens of
distinct projects that seek to disrupt the current money transfer and payment systems and have as a result,
gained wide recognition and popularity, there are not as many famed projects in other industries beyond
the finance sector. In our view, the foremost reason for this is that the blockchain industry is still in its early
stages, with yet more time required for the completion of projects that are preparing for the fully
decentralized application ecosystems. But even considering this, there are other issues that should be
highlighted.
Content providers attempting blockchain-based application services cannot help but feel greatly at risk.
Content providers must sufficiently understand the new technology from the initial phase and develop
accordingly, but the development tools and environmental support are still insufficient. Content providers
also feel a great deal of concern at the prospect of giving up their existing centralized service method and
adopting into a new environment. For these businesses, utilizing blockchain technology may mean
abandoning an existing market with hundreds of millions of users for the multi-year challenge of entering
a small and newly-formed platform ecosystem. The many projects developing blockchain-based platforms
must be able to resolve these issues. If not, it may be a long time until the blockchain-based ecosystem
fully matures.

1.2.3. Economic Systems and Monetization
For a single application or ecosystem to be sustainable, it must have beneficial value to all members,
including the users. Many projects are planning for decentralized wallets and payment solutions instead of
the existing payment modules and credit cards. However, these new solutions alone cannot provide more
significant value to the ecosystem participants (e.g. game developers and users) compared to the Apple
App Store or Google Play. If the content provider still needs to pay a platform commission of around 30%,
and the user does not perceive any difference other than using a decentralized payment solution underneath
12

it, it will be difficult for blockchain-based platform ecosystems to become widely adopted and used. As
such, blockchain projects building application platforms must also consider economic systems that can
handle these issues.
In addition, projects such as blockchain-based game services (not ecosystem applications) must consider
economic feasibility and monetization. For example, if a project generates ERC-20 based tokens and provides
a game that run on these tokens, players are burdened with high transaction costs. 9 Specifically, if there
are frequent transactions within a fixed commission fee structure, the user’s expense burden will grow.
For instance, let’s suppose there is an Ethereum (ETH) based dice game.
The two players (A and B) with the same participation fee (0.1 ETH) for each player and per round, and they
both have the same win ratio, the player who gets the highest number will win both players’ participation
fee but Ethereum blockchain will require transaction fees (gas 0.01 ETH) to be paid for each round. It would
eventually make both players lose 2 ETH after 200 rounds of playing. 10 This simple example does not
include the additional service fees that may be imposed by the dice game provider, which (if included) will
increase the burden experienced by the user. While this is an extreme and simplified scenario, there is little
chance that the user would continue playing this game, and it would be difficult for such a service to grow
and sustain its business. Ultimately, the service provider must be concerned about these economic issues
and find a way to resolve them. Otherwise, the probability of projects such as '0 Fee Ethereum Dice Game'
providing meaningful value to potential users will be low. But there are projects that do not provide clear
information on these subjects, and it seems that significant sums of money have been put into these
projects with unclear economic feasibilities, as noted above.

1.3. Conclusion
Blockchain takes the existing centralized system and restructures it to a decentralized system. As this new
technology begins to spread, gains wider adoption and improvements are made, the issue raised above will
be addressed, and the shortfalls of early projects will overcome the adaptation stage.
Our decentralized blockchain base aims to ensure the security and transparency of transaction activities,
creating an application platform network in which it is possible to protect user digital assets and generate
innovations. This will allow the resolution of existing issues, while providing solutions that vitalize content
service circulation and user participation. We call this platform ecosystem 'BORA'.

Of course, transaction processing performance issues exist within these types of structures, as was noted previously. That is still the
case as of now, although it is expected that the performance and expandability of blockchain technology will continue to grow and
evolve.
9

10

2 players playing 200 rounds of dice game will take a maximum of 120 min.

13

2. Solution 1 - Blockchain Structure

2.1. Summary
We define BORA as 'a blockchain-based platform ecosystem for circulating and stimulating content
applications'. Various types of service providers that deal with content, such as video game, social
communities and entertainment, can use the BORA Platform to provide their services easily and quickly.
The BORA Platform has been designed with a modular architecture that enables independent blockchain
execution by the content provider. This ensures undisturbed autonomous execution and prevents noisyneighbor issue. Users will be given a unified user experience across the various content services of the
BORA Ecosystem. Personal identity, account, and assets are will be unified and will be inter-compatible
within the platform. Assets and their values accumulated through every content service interaction will be
compatible and accepted within the platform. Above all, the BORA Platform has the performance and
scalability to reliably process the amount of activities required for these content services.

2.2. Platform Layer Architecture

Application Layer

Content Provider (Application, Web)
BORA Application, Web

Service Layer

Policy
Identification, Operating Tools, BI
BORA API, SDK

Core Layer

BORA Point, BORA Token Manager
BORA Chain
BORA Infrastructure, Data Network

Figure 1. BORA Platform Layer Architecture

14

2.2.1. Core Layer
In platform businesses such as video games, social communities and entertainment, it is important to quickly
apply/remedy changes and bugs in the system without causing downtime. It is also critical for a platform
provider to reliably provide high performance throughput as well as scalability to accommodate large
volumes of traffic and their dynamic change. However, public blockchains such as Ethereum currently fall
short when it comes to innately accommodating large volume of transactions. This is due to the transaction
processing mechanism scalability, and economic feasibility (gas fee) of the Ethereum. Such high volume
traffic can create large overhead and can slow down the entire Ethereum network as it was observed in the
case of CryptoKitties.11 Nevertheless, the Ethereum blockchain is highly useful, as it is currently the most
widely accepted blockchain protocol and it has a huge community base, allowing for future integration
opportunities with Ethereum based dApps and projects.12
While we have decided to utilize ERC-20 as the base of our blockchain design, we had to add some
innovations of our own to overcome some of the shortfalls of Ethereum (performance, flexibility and
scalability). To resolve these issue, we will be introducing the BORA Chain, an independent modular
blockchain that will be linked to the Ethereum blockchain. The BORA Chain is designed to ensure speed,
scalability, and flexibility while processing mass user traffic and high volume transactions.

Contents Provider 1
User

App

Contents Provider 2
Voting node

Voting node

Voting node

Voting node

Voting node

Voting node

App

User

Figure 2. BORA Chain Architecture

As shown above, each content provider in the BORA Ecosystem will be given a private independent
blockchain based on permissioned voting algorithm. This design aims to ensure high performance
transaction, flexibility, fault-tolerance, and scalability on the content provider’s side and prevents noisyneighbor issue and disruption during transactions.
The BORA Chain handles the sub-chain role, responding to each content provider while fulfilling

11

The Ethereum main-chain's transaction processing rate was fully saturated for around 3 days starting Dec. 3rd of 2017. This is
assumed to be due to the effects of 'CryptoKitties', which was responsible for 15 - 20% of all Ethereum transactions during the
aforementioned dates.

For example, projects such as OmiseGO plan to provide White-label Digital Wallets, allowing the usage of decentralized payment
and transaction functions without the need to independently develop a wallet solution dealing in various tokens and assets.
12

15

independent functions. Independent sub-chains are assigned and operated by individual content provider
(application) units. There are several benefits to this architecture. First, the massive transactions generated
by commercial applications in the platform can be handled reliably and rapidly using distributed processing.
Second, this architecture ensures a level of service independence that allows remaining application services
within the platform to be unaffected, even if there are critical defects in a specific application or other
security/service related issues.
BORA Chain has an internal token system called BORA Point that can only be circulated within the platform.
Smart contracts are executed for this internal token. The internal token (BORA Point) belongs to the platform,
and may be generated in several different ways depending on the platform growth stage and business
needs. For example, tokens can be generated and operated as follows: BORA-Play for game circulation and
incentives, BORA-Community for community operation financing and incentives, and BORA-Ticket for event
generation and management services. Content application providers do not need to generate separate
tokens, and can immediately apply the BORA Point that is appropriate for their individual purposes. Users
are provided with a unified asset management environment and user experience. Thus, even if individual
services cease or disappear, the existing assets may immediately be utilized in other content provider ’s
services.
Internal tokens (BORA Points) within the BORA Chain are mutually exchangeable with ERC-20 tokens (BORA)
in the Ethereum blockchain-based on set rules. And BORA Token holders may easily exchange them for
BORA Point at any time to use the platform content services. This architecture is linked and executed by
the BORA Token Manager.
Content providers do not need to store all service information on the BORA Chain. They can select which
information is necessary and valuable to store in the blockchain, and can use the content provider's own
database and logs for the remaining information, as before. For example, in an MMORPG game, the user
login/logout record, movement from field A to B, amount of damage dealt to a monster in battle, are
information that is unsuitable to store in the blockchain, and the blockchain cannot generate additional
value from this. But major results from in-game activity and the user's in-game major asset changes are
details that are meaningful to store in the blockchain. A poker player's game results and asset processing
information, or a rare game item's system generation, acquisition, ownership and transaction related
information are also good examples. This allows the content provider to be free from the development and
maintenance burden of having to convert everything into the blockchain, while at the same time, reducing
the expense to the platform ecosystem of managing such massive amounts of data, in turn allowing the
user to experience a pleasant and fair service usage environment.

16

2.2.2. Service Layer
The service layer provides development tools (API, SDK) to content providers (applications), who want to
join the platform ecosystem. Internal tokens (BORA Point) within the BORA Chain may be linked and used,
and user transactions may be recorded in the blockchain.
This layer also provides BORA Chain Explorer, which externally reviews and audits the information recorded
in the BORA Chain. This provides external transparency for BORA Chain records, allowing anyone to verify
them. This layer also provides service tools for platform ecosystem operation and management, such as
user authentication and token transfer. The tools and environment for business operations (such as data
analysis and monitoring tools) as well as the policies and rules for platform governance are also included
in the service layer.

2.2.3. Application Layer
This layer is where the applications of content providers joining the BORA Ecosystem are located, operating
while linked to the BORA Platform. The BORA Platform's own application (BORA App) is provided here,
allowing users to view and freely access content applications incorporated into the BORA Ecosystem. Digital
asset management and ERC-20 token (BORA) exchange functions are also provided by the BORA App.
To form an ecosystem that grows with its many participants, the BORA Platform has plans to support third
party content providers in order to generate additional content. Support is available for the creation of
additional value by accessing, using, and processing the various data in the BORA Chain, through the
tentatively-named “BORA Data Hub”.13

3. Solution 2 - Economic System and Incentive Mechanism

3.1. Design Purpose
The contents in solution 1 have been written from a design-centric perspective with the purpose of
circulating content applications based on the blockchain platform. In this part, we will deal with the structure
of promoting and sustaining content circulation and user activity through the BORA Token mechanism and

Op.gg that uses the API provided by Riot Games to provide player record statistics service for 'League of Legends', and solutions
that analyze data based on publicly available poker hand histories (e.g. Poker Tracker, etc.) are some exemplary case studies.
13

17

economic systems.
BORA is an ecosystem that has the form of a multi-sided platform in which both content provider and user
participates. Thus, we have designed an economic system and incentive mechanism that benefits all
participants, while allowing for free, rational, and sustainable value generating activities.

3.2. Token Mechanism
The BORA Ecosystem has a dualistic structure, with the token 'BORA Token' following Ethereum's ERC-20
standards, and the internal token 'BORA Point' based on the BORA Chain. BORA Tokens may be freely
traded between users, whereas BORA Point are tokens for circulation within the platform ecosystem. The
internal and external tokens are almost identical in terms of their technical structure, as they are both
cryptocurrencies based on blockchain technology, but are different in that BORA Point are managed
independently within the BORA Blockchain and may only be circulated within the platform ecosystem. BORA
Tokens are initially generated by the Ethereum mainnet, but BORA Points are only generated through usage
transfer requests on already generated BORA Tokens.

①

Token Manager
④
⑥
⑤Play

BORA Point
(BORA Chain)

③

①

⑦

⑩
BORA
Point

Game A
Game B

BORA
BORA Point

BORA
(ERC-20)

②
⑧

⑩

BORA

⑨

•
•

Transaction Fee
BORA Point Incentive Program

Figure 3. Linkage and Flow of BORA Token and BORA Point

For example, users who wish to play games within the BORA Ecosystem may change their BORA Tokens to
BORA Points. When a transfer request is received, the 'BORA Token Manager' generates BORA Points
according to the requested amount, and the requested BORA Tokens are retrieved from the user to be
stored. Users can play the game using the issued BORA Points. Users may also transfer held BORA Points
to BORA Tokens at any time. To accomplish this, the BORA Token Manager retrieves the requested BORA
Tokens from the stored balance of BORA Points and provides them to the user. The BORA Points are retrieved
18

and disappear.
To further clarify the phrase 'retrieve and disappear,' BORA Points can be seen as loan coupons that are
only circulated within the platform, and which the value of BORA Tokens is provided as collateral. The user’s
request to transfer BORA Points back to BORA Tokens is akin to the retrieval of a loan coupon, and the
return of BORA Tokens takes place according to the value retrieved. Theoretically, the amount of BORA Point
that can be generated through smart contracts will be the total supply of BORA Tokens issued in the market
multiplied by the exchange rate to BORA Point. This structure means that the issuance and circulation of
BORA Points managed in the BORA Chain are fully controlled by BORA Tokens (the ERC-20 tokens). In other
words, not only will the BORA Chain have a technical characteristic guaranteeing execution and record
keeping based on blockchain technology, there also cannot be any discretionary engagement by individuals
or specific organizations in the issuance and circulation mechanism. As such, these specific encrypted tokens
for platform circulation are, strictly speaking, different from existing in-game currencies and content service
points that may be additionally issued, removed, or modified policy-wise at the sole discretion of the
operating business.

3.3. Incentive for Ecosystem Vitalization and Growth

3.3.1. Design Purpose
As written above, the design goals for the token mechanism and economic system are to generate
ecosystem value and sustain growth. This is only possible if reasonable motivations and expected values
are provided to basically all platform ecosystem participants (all users, content providers, and platforms). To
accomplish this, we operate the 'BORA Point Incentive Program,' and adhere to the following design
principles.
(A) We can call a platform ecosystem successful if it is possible for participants to generate value, and if
such activities are sustained.
(B) 'Value' here can be determined by participant scale and participant activity scale.
(C) As the number of participants increases and the activity of participants increases, the volume of BORA
Points increases also.
(D) The volume increase of BORA Points means that the BORA Ecosystem will eventually grow.
(E) Thus, we place a high value in the usage and circulatory activities for BORA Play, and will create an
incentive system in order to promote and sustain such activities.
(F) The incentive system is not operated at the discretion of the platform, and its execution is guaranteed
based on the BORA Chain according to pre-defined rules.
19

3.3.2. Incentive Program Purpose and Expected Effect
As user and activity levels increase, the ecosystem’s value becomes greater and more BORA Points can be
circulated. Some portion of the distributed BORA Points will be saved to the BORA Point Incentive Program,
to be re-utilized as a resource for platform ecosystem vitalization. Saved assets will be distributed among
the participants in ecosystem value generation (users, businesses, platform operators) according to the
BORA Platform characteristics. Distribution execution and results are carried out according to the blockchain
and smart contracts, with consistency, transparency, and credibility. These distributed values are beneficial
to everyone.
First, the user will receive incentive rewards based on the rational criteria of ecosystem contribution from
one's activities (e.g. game play, content purchase). These rewards may be exchanged at any time for BORA
Tokens. This is an attractive and rational reward to the user, continuously stimulating user activity.
Content providers can utilize BORA Point incentives originated from the BORA Point Incentive Program, as
a variety for additional service resources. This program may be used as a business operation asset to
increase system reliability, or exchanged for BORA Tokens. This kind of financial benefit mechanism can be
a clear motivating factor for content providers to continue providing or increasing their ecosystem
contributions. The service provider also uses the shared platform circulation token (BORA Points), instilling
solidarity and a sense of responsibility. BORA Points also allows for value generation through normal
activities, reducing the motivation for improper behavior within the ecosystem. Ultimately, BORA Points
progressively leads towards better content service quality, and allows for the promotion of good faith
competition among businesses.
The BORA Platform can also be used to secure a reward pool for ecosystem operations. Thus, it is possible
to secure a healthy and sustainable source working as a reward pool for ecosystem operations, even if
dependencies on other profit mechanisms (e.g. market commission, revenue sharing) are lowered. This
allows for the removal of the excessive profit structure from the platform design, which can directly or
indirectly increase the willingness of external content providers to participate in the BORA Ecosystem.

3.3.3. Incentive Program Operation Method
The BORA Point Incentive Program's execution is fundamentally guaranteed by smart contracts in the BORA
Chain. It manages: the asset savings, distribution target and rule setting, execution of asset distribution, and
the balancing of BORA Points within the Program that exist as a result of savings and distribution.
The reward pool for the Incentive Program can largely be classified into two parts. First, to execute BORA
Ecosystem operations, some of the distributed BORA Tokens are converted into BORA Points and saved in
the BORA Point Incentive Program. This amount becomes the seed for the first incentive program. Second,
20

part of revenue generated from the platform operation will be credited to incentive program and used as
continuous resource.
Incentives can be distributed to everyone who participated and was active in the ecosystem during a set
period of time to encourage greater participation. The aforementioned BORA Points saved in the BORA
Point Incentive Program are used as reward. The method of payment target assessment, payment cycle,
payment scale, and other issues will be made public when operational stability has been secured through
future testing and other activities. These will all be executed through smart contracts. To aid your
understanding, here is a simple example: as an incentive, 10% of the BORA Point Incentive Program's balance
can be paid every week to all address accounts that generated BORA Point transactions according to the
stake of each individual transaction. Payment can be made to each address directly, or may incorporate
some entertainment factors such as mini-games. Or, operations can utilize a combination of the two.

3.4. BORA Point's Flexible Extension Architecture
The BORA Platform ecosystem can accommodate various types of content providers such as video games,
social communities and entertainment. As each of these have different service architectures, monetization
models and user environment characteristics, it may make it inappropriate for BORA Point to be operated
as the sole economics system. For example, in the case of mobile games, it can use the application's own
in-app purchase to entice players to make purchases, but blog services will find it difficult to charge fees
to writers; instead it may be more appropriate to provide a writing-friendly environment and tools for free.
These differences make their economic mechanisms different as well. It is the same when providing services
like 'CryptoKitties' or issuing / circulating limited edition celebrity digital avatars.

BORA Point
(BORA Chain)

BORA
Token Manager

BORAPlay

BORACommunity

BORA······

Game A

Comm. A

······ A

Game B

Comm. B

······ B

Game C

Comm. C

······ C

Figure 4. BORA Point's Flexible Extension Architecture

21

BORA Token
(ERC-20)

BORA Points have a flexible and expandable architecture that allow them to cope with diverse service
environments. BORA Point is the generic term for the token circulated within the platform ecosystem by
the BORA Chain, and there may be several different types of BORA Points depending on the platform
operation needs. BORA-Play will first be launched to cope with the needs of regular game play. Subsequently,
new types of BORA Points may be launched (e.g. BORA-Ticket, BORA-Community, etc.) depending on the
situation.

3.5. Monetization
The BORA Platform can apply a monetization model for ecosystem maintenance and growth. Various models
utilized in existing industries will be referenced, but appropriate methods will be decided on a rational level
that fits the architecture and direction of the BORA Ecosystem.
1) Fees for changing BORA Points to BORA Tokens:
Within the BORA Ecosystem, BORA Points may be exchanged for BORA Tokens at any time, at the
discretion of the holder. From the user's perspective, this means a change from activity value to
external market value; and from a bio-ecosystem's perspective, this means internal activity energy
exiting the ecosystem. To perform this change, the requester must pay a fixed fee, and the collected
fees will be used for platform network operations and for supplying the ecosystem's internal energy.
Fees will also contribute to the prevention of the abuse and network spam caused by meaningless
transactions.
2) Transaction fees for some large-scale content providers using the BORA Chain:
BORA Platform is an ecosystem shared by multiple participants. Thus, if a content provider requiring
massive transactions (extreme example would be Facebook) participates, the services ecosystem
transaction processing share will increase, which could have negative effects on the services of
other providers. As such, it will be provided for free at a base level, but fees may be claimed from
participants requiring transactions that exceed a certain level. Participants with such transaction fee
charges should be limited to a fraction of content services.

4. BORA Platform Ecosystem Usage Cases

The BORA Platform ecosystem will be verified through trial services, and the ecosystem participation scale
will be extended with a focus on games. Thereafter, it will expand to a genre-related business ecosystem
22

that includes game communities, game advertisements and marketing agencies. It will also expand to nonvideo game genres with similar business structures. Token economic systems and incentive mechanisms
that are internal to the ecosystem will be added to cope with this expansion. The following are some
examples of content businesses that can be developed using the BORA Platform ecosystem.

4.1. Games

4.1.1. P2P Play
Competitive games like 'Clash Royale' creates value for play through confrontation and competition between
players. But boredom and loss of motivation to play is an issue, as PvP play gets repetitive. To give an
example of PvP in the RPG genre, players with good results in a certain mode obtain in-game goods (e.g.
gems) through weekly placement rewards or other similar methods. In the long run though, you need to
have sufficient statistics increases (e.g. good equipment for higher fighting strength) to obtain good results,
and the types or amount of goods rewarded will not be sufficient motivators to a player that already has
high stats.
The BORA Platform will provide development tools (BORA Toolkit for P2P) that can be applied to P2P play.
Games that apply this toolkit can apply BORA Points for entry fees to PvP play modes, win rewards, and
rank rewards for their service. Game players will have a certain goal and motivation to play and obtain
BORA Point rewards from the platform. Game providers can maintain their game services oriented for highimmersion players, increasing the game's LTV.

4.1.2. Prize Pool Event
BORA Platform's event development tool (BORA Toolkit for Prize) can be used to provide prize pool-type
play modes and promotion events in various games. For example, in an action adventure game such as
Temple Run, event promotions can be held using BORA Points as a reward to promote user play and entice
users to return. A provider offering Texas Hold’em poker can hold a poker tournament event with BORA
Points as the reward for players using free game chips. Tournament participation requirements such as
requisite levels and entry fee conditions can be set to increase utilization and free chip usage. Game
businesses will be able to organize BORA Points events in their free play channels, achieving effects similar
to the purchase conversion of non-paying users. This is because free channel players can obtain BORA-Play
through events, which creates the motivation for them to transfer to the BORA Points dedicated play channel.

23

4.1.3. Specialty Items
In some games, there are instances where special types of items, or items that have value due to their
extreme rarity, are made available. The BORA Platform will provide development tools (BORA Toolkit for
Items) for these services. These tools can be utilized for services selling items like 'CryptoKitties', or applied
in a mobile baseball game to develop and circulate a legendary baseball team deck as a special item. When
linked to the toolkit provided by the BORA Platform, the item's data such as issuance, total circulation
numbers, transactions, and item attribute information are recorded and stored in the BORA Chain. Service
providers will be able to use the toolkit to provide various types of special items. Users can receive
guarantees of the item's ownership and value, and they can trade items in a low risk and low cost
environment. Information such as total number issued and ownership status are transparently revealed,
preventing the potential devaluation of items by additional issuance at the service provider's sole discretion.

4.1.4. Item Transaction
Game services (such as MMORPGs) that have transaction systems such as item auction houses will be able
to utilize the development tools (BORA Toolkit for Trade) provided by the BORA Platform to promote item
transactions and increase player usage of the game. In a conventional game service architecture, transactions
occur by trading game items and in-game currencies (e.g. gold, gems). As such, players who wanted to
make a profit through item transactions, had to use external item transaction sites that were based on cash
payment. To carry out transactions, users had to go through tedious processes that left them open to fraud
and item theft, and had to pay a fee to both the transaction site and the game. On the other hand, for
direct transactions in an in-game transaction system using BORA-Play, BORA Chain and smart contracts
provide transaction ease and security to the user while reducing the fee expenses. In addition, game services
can obtain an amount of BORA Points as a fixed transaction fee, allowing them to generate profit through
direct transaction operations, rather than the indirect monetization method, by collecting in-game currencies
as the fee.

4.2. User Reward Program
Various reward programs are used by different content businesses to increase customer retention and LTV.
Unlike e-commerce, it is difficult for the producers of content such as games, communities, and videos to
provide cash-based reward programs, making them mostly dependent on online items, item discount
benefits or other limited reward types that can only be circulated internally. Content providers will be able
to use the development tools (BORA Toolkit for Rewards) provided by the BORA Platform to operate loyalty
programs that can be linked to actual benefits for users. BORA Points can be rewarded to new users
achieving a certain level, building their affinity to the service, and VIP level based programs can also be
24

operated.

4.3. Game Community and Related Business
Many game players share game information, discuss strategies, evaluate games, and even make suggestions
to the development team by being active in communities. Generated player’s information and sharing
activities outside of the game not only contribute greatly to the game service, but also generate business
value independent of the game itself. Communities where many players gather, are by themselves optimal
locations for activities such as sharing game news and advertisements, recruit testers, gamer targeted preorders and Focus Group Interview (FGI), as well as marketing surveys. Thus, it may be beneficial to reward
the activities of game community information generators and curation contributors through a separate
economic system, which is where BORA-Enjoy (tentative name), an internal token within the BORA Chain
that differs from the game play related BORA-Play, can come in. Advertisers who wish to advertise games
within this community space and marketing agencies who wish to receive pre-orders before a game launch
can purchase BORA-Enjoy to support their advertisement and marketing campaigns. This BORA-Enjoy in
turn can be used for rewards and incentives to vitalize the community ecosystem. We plan to design
dedicated internal tokens with economic systems and provide development tools (BORA Toolkit for Enjoy)
to help accommodate this game external community ecosystem within the BORA Platform ecosystem.

4.4. Pre-paid gift card
In countries with low credit card coverage, prepaid gift cards are widely used for digital content. Digital
content providers, such as games, sell prepaid cards that include game money and items in cooperation
with local mobile phone carriers, or sell game payment products directly in connection with offline stores
such as convenience stores. These business types are particularly active in Southeast Asian countries,
contributing to the digital content business growth and user expansion in the region. BORA Ecosystem can
develop 'BORA Sponsorship Program' and provide 'BORA Gift Card' through partnership with overseas
regional mobile phone carriers. In this case, users can utilize their carrier plan product and at the same time,
using BORA Points to enjoy games and services within BORA Ecosystem or other service benefits we provide.

4.5. Extension to Non-Video game Industries
When game communities and related businesses are incorporated into the BORA Platform ecosystem,
expansion to non-video-game areas (e.g. various topic-based communities and related businesses) becomes
possible. Communities, advertisement, marketing surveys and other basic mechanisms are similar to the
25

usage cases within the game industry. As such, we plan to allow non-game-related businesses to use the
above-mentioned token economic systems and development tools when joining the BORA Ecosystem.

5. Conclusion

The BORA Chain aims to reduce the burden on content providers as a result of having to privately develop
and maintain a new blockchain and cryptocurrency network. It aims to provide a service environment with
high transaction performance and expandability, while ensuring the independence of individual content
services. Content providers will be able to use the web interface and API to quickly and easily link to BORA
Chain, and operate the BORA Chain efficiently using the operation tools. They can also use the BORA Token
architecture based economic system to create new value.

Users will be able to enjoy a better service environment in which reliable information is transparently
disclosed. The user's digital assets (BORA Points) no longer depend on the content provider, and is owned
and valued by the BORA Chain and the ecosystem platform. The incentive mechanism within the BORA
Ecosystem will promote activity for all ecosystem participants (user, provider, platform), contributing to the
growth of the ecosystem. Ultimately, the BORA Ecosystem aims to resolve existing issues face by [internet
based content services] and provide new opportunities and greater value to all participants.

26

