Abstract
Blockchain technology, with its advantage of immutability, security, and
transparency, has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries.
However, at the current stage, low-quality information, absence of an accurate
way to measure value, and underdeveloped trading strategies, are causing
confusion and high financial risks to blockchain participants and investors.
Lack of understanding and uncertainty in legal regulations has caused
hesitation for expansion of the blockchain technology into wider industries.
Both institutional and individual investors have a strong need for authentic
information and investment tools in the cryptocurrency “Wild West” to mitigate
potential hazards. Meanwhile, traditional industries looking to leverage the
blockchain technology and tokenize previously low liquidity assets desperately
need a legally compliant method with expert assistance to handle the whole
process.
In this whitepaper, we present the Crypto Neo-value Neural System (CNNS)
Ecosphere, a vibrant global ecosystem for information and value exchange to
gain maximum benefit for all the key participants in the blockchain industry.
We present four key platforms to facilitate high-quality interactions between
user- to-user and user-to-blockchain related assets, which are shown below:
The first platform is the CNNS Information Terminal (CIT), a news and analysis
outlet which delivers users time-sensentive and accurate information
feeds along with comprehensive analysis of the blockchain industry and
the cryptocurrency market, allowing the users to have a better grasp of
the blockchain industry as a whole and make better investment decision
accordingly.
The second platform is the CNNS Asset Management Platform (CAMP), a
regulatory compliant asset management platform that connects professional
investment teams to legal sources of stable funding. It also provides potential
investment channels for individual investors. A wide range of investment
strategies are available, along with assistance in portfolio management, for
investors to gain a high return on investment.

The third platform is the CNNS Value Exchange Platform (CVEP), where
both on-chain and off-chain exchange of value can be achieved with minimal
friction. CVEP also facilitate asset tokenization of traditional industries to
achieve wider blockchain adoption. A set of procedures and one-stop services
will be in place for both enterprises and individuals.
The fourth platform is the CNNS Global Community (CGC), a place where
all the blockchain participants can connect and interact with peers to share
and collaborate. For blockchain enthusiasts, CNNS Academy provides the
education of blockchain technologies. For blockchain experts, this is the
place for you to convert intangible assets of knowledge to palpable value. For
blockchain entrepreneurs, you’ll find the talents and the broadest audience to
share your revolutionary ideas.
The CNNS Ecosphere will be built on the underlying CNNS blockchain to
achieve immutability and security of the transactions on top, with the CNNS
token as the medium. Well-designed DApps and wallets allows all users to
manage blockchain-related info and cryptocurrencies at one location.
CNNS will incentivize network participation and incentivize our key values:
user-centricity, authenticity, and high quality. CNNS endeavors to become
an industry-leading contributor to propel legally-compliant growth of the
blockchain industry as a whole, to act as the catalyst for widespread
blockchain adoption and innovation, and to provide opportunities for realization
of maximum benefits and value of all blockchain participants.

Contents
1. Introduction ································································································································ 1
Blockchain Technology
Opportunities and challenges
Our core value and vision

2. CNNS Ecosphere ······················································································································· 5
3. CNNS Information Terminal (CIT) ······················································································· 10
Dimension of News-Driven Analysis
Dimension of Technical Analysis
Dimension of Fundamental Analysis

4. CNNS Asset Management Platform (CAMP) ··································································· 14
Quantitative Trading
Quantitative Trading Strategies Platform
Fund of Funds (FOF)
Robo-Advisor
Customized Advanced Trading Tools and Big Data Platform

5. CNNS Value Exchange Platform (CVEP) ··········································································· 21
On-Chain and Off-Chain Exchange of Value in CVEP
CVEP Facilitates Assets Tokenization

6. CNNS Global Community ····································································································· 25
CNNS Society
CNNS Chinese Club
Connections and Collaborations
CNNS Academy
Global Autonomous Groups
CNNS Governance

7. CNNS Blockchain System········································································································ 29
Architecture of CNNS Blockchain
Consensus and Blockchain Nodes

8. Token Issuance and Token Economy ················································································ 34
Token Issuance
Business Model
CNNS Usage Examples
Spending Cases Examples

9. Team Introduction······················································································································· 42
10. Disclaimer······································································································································ 44

1. Introduction
Blockchain Technology
Blockchain is a type of open, distributed ledger that can record transactions
between two parties efficiently and in a verifiable and permanent way. It is built
upon a connecting list of digital records, called “blocks”, which are linked using
cryptography. Each block contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block,
a timestamp, and transaction data. Once recorded, the data in any given
block cannot be tampered with or changed retrospectively without alteration
of all subsequent blocks, which requires consensus of the network majority.
Bitcoin, the pioneer of the blockchain technology, was announced in the
2008 white paper called “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System.” In
January 2009, its author, Satoshi Nakamoto released the first Bitcoin software
that launched the network and the first units of the Bitcoin cryptocurrency. A
cryptocurrency refers to a digital coin that runs on a blockchain. Ethereum,
in 2013, further extended the capability of blockchain, by replacing Bitcoin’s
more restrictive language with a universal blockchain framework to run a
series of code with Turing-complete virtual machine capability. Ethereum
allows developers to program their own “smart contracts”. A smart contract
is a computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce
the negotiation or performance of a contract. Smart contracts allow the
performance of credible, trackable and irreversible transactions without third
parties.
Blockchain is the core technology behind cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and
Ethereum that can reduce cost, improve efficiency and data storage security
by introducing decentralized and peer-to-peer communications in a trustless
and distributed system using cryptography, timestamp, distributed consensus,
economic incentives, and more. Blockchain in itself is not a brand new
technological innovation but a creative model that incorporates such a series
of technologies.

Opportunities and Challenges
1

Blockchain technology, with its advantages of reduced cost, improve efficiency,
immutability, security, and transparency, has the potential to revolutionize a
wide range of industries, including but not limited to the financial industry,
supply chain, gaming, healthcare, IOT (internet of things) and energy. Due to
such broad opportunities, blockchain technology, a form of a decentralized
and self-governing system, are drawing significant attention from governments
worldwide. While cryptocurrencies remain a challenge to regulators, various
nations claim to have been studying possibilities of central bank-backed digital
currencies (CBDCs). This has been a great victory of Satoshi Nakamoto’s idea.
Countries are also continually considering the proper legal and regulatory
actions to facilitate blockchain technology development while protecting
investors’ interest. For competitive financial superpowers such as China, U.S.
and Europe, blockchain and cryptocurrencies are too good an opportunity to
miss due to its vast potentials.
With blockchain and cryptocurrencies being acceptable to a broader
international community, the future wealth management market involving
cryptocurrencies will scale up drastically, which is well-proven by a growing
number of traditional financial institutions’ holding and managing digital assets
since 2018. The cryptocurrency market is experiencing and will continue to
experience unprecedented exponential growth.
Back in 2013, there were merely 66 cryptocurrencies, which grew to 644 in
2016 and 1,335 in 2017. As of December 2018, the global cryptocurrency
market capital exceeded $100 billion with over 2,000 cryptocurrencies and
15,000 exchange markets around the world. It is fair enough to say that
cryptocurrency users will reach 200 million next year and potentially 1 billion
in around six years given a significant degree of cryptocurrency compliance
development. Security Token Offerings (STOs), for example, are becoming
more popular due to its compliance advantages.
While the digital asset market is evolving, experience from traditional finance
suggests an extensive demand for trade services and asset management
services. In a broad sense, digital wealth management platforms are what
serve users best. Those who offer trade information, market statistics,
investment consultancy, and access to exchanges stand a great chance of
2

taking the lead in the early stages of the industry; of course, those who offer
such services will be subject to regulatory policies.
Figure 1-1 Daily Volatility of Different Assets (2017 & 2018)

Note: The above figure is sourced from Wind & Bitfinex, and the yield of different assets is
calculated using the US Dollar.

In the meantime, despite the fact that the blockchain and cryptocurrency
industries have grown at a rapid pace over the past few years, they are still
at an early stage and are far from achieving mass adoption. The quality and
the technology of the blockchain projects and exchanges vary due to lack
of industrial standards; investors’ legitimate rights are under threat from a
variety of unmoderated crypto financial products; centralized institutions, like
exchanges, are becoming more powerful; traders pay high commission fees;
lack of regulatory protection, and much more are severely hampering the faith
and healthy development of the blockchain industry and the cryptocurrency
market. Investors take on significant risks under the current market because
it is dominated by speculation (or “hype”) which lacks transparency and
sufficient supervision. Fake news, lack of high-quality information cause a
lot of confusions to ordinary blockchain participants. Misleading projects
and overblown promises lead to investor loss. Lack of understanding and
elusive legal regulations have caused hesitation for more expansion of the
blockchain technology to wider industries. Our calculation shows the volatility
of cryptocurrencies is much higher than that of the traditional financial
markets (see Figure 1-1), and so is the return on investment (ROI). Therefore,
both institutional and individual investors have a strong need for authentic
information, and investment tools in the cryptocurrency “Wild West” to mitigate
3

potential hazards. Meanwhile, traditional industries looking to leverage the
blockchain technology and tokenize previously low liquidity assets desperately
need a legally compliant path with expert assistance to handle the whole
process. Given this, excellent investment advice and platforms compliant with
different rules and regulations are highly coveted.

Our Core Value and Vision
Given the opportunities and challenges presented to us at the current stage
of blockchain and cryptocurrency development, CNNS devotes our effort to
building a vibrant blockchain ecosphere to facilitate users to discover, invest
in, and exchange information and values of crypto assets. User-centricity,
authenticity and high quality is highly valued in the CNNS ecosystem, and will
be incentivized or punished based on the participants’ actions.
CNNS envisions that blockchain technology will transform how we work, how
we live, and how the society evolves by revolutionizing the liquidity and trade
models of existing financial assets. Blockchain technology will bring disruption
and enable rapid growth of the traditional industries, enable new business
models with an interaction of all people. We firmly believe that although
there is a long way to go, the tokenization of assets is both inevitable and
irreversible. With the ecosphere we are building today, CNNS endeavors to
become an industry-leading contributor to facilitate a legally-compliant growth
of the blockchain industry as a whole, act as the catalyst for widespread
blockchain adoption and innovation, and provide opportunities for realization of
maximum benefits and value for all blockchain participants.

4

2. CNNS Ecosphere

5

In order to expedite legally compliant growth of the blockchain industry as
a whole, we present the CNNS Ecosphere, a vibrant and dynamic global
ecosystem for information and value exchange to gain maximum benefits
for all participants in the blockchain industry. We provide key features and
incentives to target users ranging from news media, blockchain enthusiasts,
personal and institutional investors, blockchain experts, information or strategy
providers, entrepreneurs or ongoing blockchain project leaders, to traditional
business leaders looking to tokenize their current products to enable a new
phase of growth. It ensures that users enjoy the convenience blockchain
brings to their life and work, that active members and influencers realize
their individual values, and that project developers are inspired to build better
DApps. To assist the blockchain participants within our ecosphere, we present
four key platforms to facilitate high-quality interactions between user to user
and user to blockchain related assets, which are shown below:
The first platform is the CNNS Information Terminal (CIT)，CNNS
Information Terminal (CIT), a news and analysis outlet where you can find the
news of the day within the blockchain community, and data analysis of the
current cryptocurrencies, to assist with investment decision-making process.
CIT delivers users with real-time and customized information feeds which are
professionally curated and include fundamental analysis, technical analysis,
and news-driven analysis. Through CIT, the user will have access to extensive
data flows from cryptocurrency exchanges, blockchain projects, users, social
media, and more, which are further processed via a large quantity of analysis
tools including Natural Language Processing (NLP), big data, and quantitative
analysis to help users make investment decisions. For blockchain enthusiasts
and investors, CIT would be the fastest and highest quality news and
knowledge source.
The second platform is the CNNS Asset Management Platform (CAMP)，
which sets up a compliant and open asset management platform that
connects professional investment teams to legal sources of stable funding. It
simultaneously provides potential investment channels for individual investors.
CNNS is assembling an in-house research and investment team with our longstanding resources within the industry to provide a wide range of investor
strategies. Using CAMP and other tools, personal or institutional investors can
6

expect a high return on investment.
The third platform is the CNNS Value Exchange Platform (CVEP),
which makes the exchange of value easier through tokenization. With more
regulations coming to the cryptocurrency market, the future of the market
will be operating within a more normative legal framework characterized by
transparency. For investors and traditional business leaders, CVEP provides a
gateway for any content of value and assets from industries across the board
to be compliantly tokenized on the blockchain. Individual users engaged in
trading on-chain or off-chain assets will also benefit from the convenience
and security providing provided by CVEP. CNNS foresees that many realworld assets will be tokenized in the future for the purpose of streamlining onchain circulation, trading, auditing, regulation, and other activities in a more
convenient and transparent fashion.
The fourth platform is the CNNS Global Community (CGC), a place where
all the blockchain participants can connect and interact with peers to share
and collaborate. For blockchain experts and investment strategists, CGC is a
platform to demonstrate and get rewarded for their expertise and connect with
a broad audience; or blockchain start-ups, a platform for new entrepreneurs
or ongoing blockchain project leaders to advertise their project ideas and new
developments, and to attract talents and investments.
The CNNS Ecosphere will be built on the underlying CNNS blockchain
system, serving all the CNNS component platforms and the interactions
within the CNNS community, with the CNNS token as the medium. On the
CNNS blockchain, user profile data is securely stored and only allows for
client data such as personal information, preferences, net worth, asset
account information to be shared as needed with permission for access by
the individual. Collaboration among participants within the CNNS ecosystem
is also encouraged as projects, portfolios, or strategy developments are
well-tracked with access on a need-to-know basis. Through blockchain
technology, CNNS provides a reliable, immutable, time-stamped secured
transaction record. CNNS provides customized smart contract generator with
pre-secured templates to facilitate all the transactions completed within the
CNNS Ecosphere. All transactions, regardless of on-chain or off-chain are
7

encouraged to use the CNNS blockchain platform as the transaction method
for security, trustless and immutable record reasons. CNNS also provides
well-designed DAPP and wallet to manage blockchain related info and
cryptocurrencies.
CNNS will incentivize network participation and incentivize our key values:
user-centricity, authenticity and high quality. A well-balanced design of the
business model allows rapid development within the CNNS Ecosphere through
staking, rewarding and spending of the CNNS token.
As CNNS devotes our resources to facilitate the growth of a more prosperous
blockchain industry, we also fully acknowledge that such task needs to
involve all the blockchain participants and we cannot do it by ourselves alone.
We constantly welcome, seek and encourage partnerships with outside
organizations and outside contributors and talents to be incorporated into our
ecosystem. Collaborations with the CNNS ecosphere can be achieved through
our Super-Node Program or Strategic Partnerships.

Super-Node Program
As the CNNS Ecosphere matures and stabilizes, our user-driven Global
Super-Node Program is set to take off. Global Super-Node Program is an indepth collaboration plan open to all and to benefit all CNNS users. CNNS
encourages and incentivizes key content or service providers and contributors
that connect with businesses and customers, for CNNS promotions and
community growth, to join in our ecosystem. All of the Super Nodes are united
to build the ecosystem, to govern the community, and to share interests. We
will place nodes on different layers based on their resources and influence.
Although CNNS will facilitate the early invites of Super Nodes, their fate is
ultimately decided by every CNNS user, who is endowed with the voting right
to decide on the power and interfaces of each node, select or deselect Super
Nodes with their votes to acknowledge contributors within the ecosystem,
making it a truly decentralized ecosphere. In cases where Super Nodes fail
to perform their duty, they will be removed from the list and replaced by new
Super Nodes.
8

Strategic Partnership
CNNS is constantly looking form strategic partnership with industryleading companies to jump-start and achieve rapid development of the
CNNS ecosphere to better serve all users. We welcome and will incentivize
organizations and companies to our path toward the growth of the whole
blockchain industry. As of now, we have formed a strategic partnership with
CoinNess to leverage their industry-leading news-feed and analysis, global
users, and insight into asset management. In return, CoinNess users will have
early and incentivized access to the CNNS token.

9

3. CNNS Information Terminal (CIT)
Among all components of the CNNS ecosphere, CIT interacts with users to
the greatest extent. We look to become the world leader in news, analysis
and information on blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. Our platform
and resources, especially the strategic partnership with CoinNess, allow us
the opportunity to deliver up-to-date and accurate coverage of cryptocurrency
and blockchain adoption, to provide comprehensive industry-leading research
and in-depth analysis about the pressing issues that surround one of the most
exciting emerging technologies of our time. It serves the purpose of creating
the premier investment decision-making platform and community for global
cryptocurrency investors by means of blockchain and internet technologies, an
essential step to simplify and optimize investment and trading decisions.
In addition to personal investors, CIT also caters to the needs of all blockchain
professional investors, empowering their businesses with concrete statistics,
information, and data tools. The intelligent services delivered by CIT will
smoothly help investors streamline decision making and save money, which
further helps usher in more future participants to the blockchain world. More
specifically, CIT curates and represents users with customized information
flows based on three dimensions of the strategic investment decision-making
process, namely news-driven analysis, technical analysis, and fundamental
analysis.

Dimension of News-Driven Analysis
Reliable information on the current and future value of assets has always been
sought after by professional and personal investors; there are no exceptions
in the cryptocurrency market. At the time of publication, our strategic partner,
CoinNess, has summoned more than 1,000 influencers and over 300
blockchain projects to generate content in China alone. With this success
formula replicated at a broader level, CIT plans to assemble more than 1,000
blockchain project operators to serve a user base of more than 10 million by
2020.
10

CIT features ‘timely’ and ‘in-depth’ analysis:
Timely: CIT provides 24/7 real-time news flashes of the blockchain and
cryptocurrency market. It outputs 120 news flashes daily by in-house
journalists and editors; it is aggregated from more than 500 sources of news.
Furthermore, each news flash is followed by user comments and shares. Data
shows that 85% of the time, our strategic partner, CoinNess gets the word out
first to more than 3 million users around the world, an impeccable lead over all
competitors in the industry.
In-depth: CIT supplements real-time short news clips with market insight
reports on the blockchain industry, interviews with industrial influencers, and
exclusive research reports. Our other partners of the blockchain/cryptocurrency
trade press habitually reproduce our strategic partner, CoinNess’s articles to
feed their info-craving subscribers.
To better fulfill the need of users, CIT is open for subscription. Owing to
Natural Language Processing (NLP) technology, subscribers will receive more
customized and target-oriented notifications from CIT, which helps them seize
every trading opportunity.

Dimension of Technical Analysis
Market Quotations
CIT imports real-time data flows from all major cryptocurrency exchanges
across the world, and categorizes the immense amount of data into readerfriendly indicators for users to instantly identify changes in the market.
Customized services are featured to honor CIT’s user-centric promises. Users
can build their own portfolio on the homepage, enabling the Intelligent Market
Monitor to keep an eye on the market around-the-clock, especially when users
are away. In addition, CIT will recommend cryptocurrencies that match users’
interests based on their browsing history.
Processed Data
On top of fundamental technical analysis, CIT takes a leap forward to process
the data flows into a variety of conceptual tools to facilitate better-informed
11

trading decisions after a solid grasp of the battle between the bulls and bears.
The tools go beyond commonplace rankings based on multiple parameters,
and encompass capital inflows and outflows of both cryptocurrencies and
trading platforms, exclusive market indices by category, and more. CIT
constructs the Bull and Bear Indicator, analyzing manifold sources of data and
parameters, to make elusive technical analysis-based trading signals more
attainable to more traders.

Dimension of Fundamental Analysis
Information distortion is a plague to the crypto asset evaluation at the current
stage. CIT deploys an internal SWAT team, subsidiary to the CNNS’s product
research team, to collect information required by fundamental analyses.
With a strategic collaboration with exchanges, blockchain project leaders,
and other interested parties, the SWAT team cross-examines information
submitted via multiple channels to set up cogent portfolios for more than 3,000
cryptocurrencies and exchanges. The portfolio of each coin contains a basic
introduction, white paper, circulation supply, and the exclusive collection of its
activities both on the blockchain and within social media.
To make sure that all CNNS participants can stay ahead of legal and
regulatory policies, which are the key to today’s blockchain technology
development, CIT will also provide a regulatory section dedicated to updating
regulatory policies around the world regarding blockchain. Our regulation
research team will provide an in-depth analysis of potential regulatory
directions and make aware of current rumors to allow our users to stay ahead
of future policy developments. Once CNNS ecosphere grows into the industryleading contributor in the industry, we would also collaborate with policy
makers on how to make the best policies to balance growth and risks, and
provide valuable information to our users.
News and technology posts will be the door to the blockchain industry and
its unlimited access is complimentary to all CNNS token owners. We also
welcome independent contributors. Content contributor will have their choice to
present their information or analysis for free or for a fee. This will be a platform
for you to share your lines of knowledge and insights into the blockchain
12

industry, and to connect with blockchain participants, and potential investors.
CIT will continue to channel users into the CNNS ecosystem as the main
gateway. Furthermore, CIT takes on responsibility as a pillar of the long-lasting
development of other components within the ecosystem: CAMP, CVEP and
CGC.
Figure 3-1 CIT Current Market Overview, Along With CoinNess

13

4. CNNS Asset Management Platform (CAMP)
The cryptocurrency market has seen rapid growth in recent years and there
are indications that the growth will continue as the number of participants
and businesses increases along with the rapid progression of the underlying
blockchain technology. The ability to trade long and short allows profit
opportunities regardless of market direction. Compared to traditional financial
markets, it is difficult for investors to yield profit in the cryptocurrency market
due to the following aspects:
Asymmetric information flow, as trading activities are largely influenced by
media and retail sentiments (and hypes);
Lack of regulations expose personal investors to more risks and potential
losses;
24/7 trading across a growing number of global exchanges, with users
from different time zones unable to seize investment opportunities around
the clock;
High volatility, accompanied by an epidemic of weak risk assessment;
Underdeveloped trading mechanisms.
With the tightening regulation and the bursting bubbles, individual and
institutional investors, looking to profit from the upcoming blockchain
revolution across all sectors, need proper guidelines and assistance into
cryptocurrency investments. Based on our ongoing analysis of user behavior,
we have reached the conclusion that it is vital for users to have access to
instant information and investment assistance tools to earn a higher ROI.
With our industry-leading CIT platform, our investors already have the most
comprehensive and up-to-date understanding of the cryptocurrency world
and can make the best decisions accordingly; The CNNS Asset Management
Platform (CAMP), being one major component of the CNNS ecosystem, is
dedicated to setting up a compliant and open asset management platform to
provide potential investment channels to connect professional and personal
users.
Under the guidance of the CNNS Foundation, CAMP has assembled an in14

house task force, equipped with veteran experts from financial and Internet
sectors. Aside from our own team, CAMP is undergoing an industry-wide
search for leading research and investment teams and plans to continue
to build relationships well into the future for potential collaborations. With
our ecosystem size and connections within the blockchain industry, we are
also forming strategic partnerships with top exchanges to negotiate lower
transaction fees for our own CNNS customers to honor our user-centricity
value in the CNNS ecosystem. Having strong relationships with some of the
most promising entrepreneurs and other top investors in the space, CNNS is
building a diversified portfolio and persistently bringing in industry-specific and
value-add resources to its portfolios. CAMP helps forward-thinking investors
access this rapidly emerging asset class in products they can trust, and
potential associated benefits of exposure to the cryptocurrency sector. CAMP
delivers best-in-class security, tax preparation, investor relations, portfolio
diversification and decent returns – but with reduced volatility for which the
market is known.
CAMP offers full mobile and web support for crypto asset tracking,
management and bookkeeping for personal, professionals, businesses,
and enterprises. It allows the user to manage and track their cryptocurrency
assets with pro tools and advanced management features; auto sync multiple
exchange accounts and custodianship services to effortlessly organize
all your asset data. For institutional investors, you can create unlimited
portfolios to match your trading strategy with real-time analytics, balances and
performances of your cryptocurrency assets. Portfolios can also be shared
with external associates or designated team members in the organization for
collaboration.
CAMP is equipped with tools to build and trade cryptocurrency strategies
both on simulation and a real-time basis. Trading and holdings data are
analyzed by a quantitative model to ensure investors access to the most
effective strategies. At the time of publication, CAMP has started to take
shape (see Figure 4-1). In the next two years, CAMP will take effect in the five
following aspects: quantitative trading, quantitative trading strategies platform,
customized advanced trading tools, fund of funds, and robo-advisor. These
aspects will be detailed below.
15

Figure 4-1 Architecture of CAMP

Quantitative Trading
Compared with the traditional financial market, crypto assets exhibit a
characteristic of high volatility, which allows traders great opportunities to
profit. Quantitative trading teams with expertise in crypto assets have seen
exponential growth in line with the market performances, however, they may
also experiences significant losses due to market volatility. Individual investors
may feel confused when it comes to differentiating the profitable investments
from the masses. Owing to CNNS’s internal need for asset management,
CNNS crafts a quantitative analysis-based investment portfolio featuring
a multi-asset, multi-cycle, and multi-strategy approach (see Figure 4-2).
Individual investors will have access in the near future whenever the in-house
team deems appropriate to go public on CAMP.

Quantitative Trading Strategies Platform
Taking advantage of resources assembled by CIT, we are able to develop
certain investment strategies that have been proven effective and broadcast
them to all CNNS users. On the other hand, we gather in-depth knowledge
from all quantitative trading teams within the CNNS ecosystem to enrich the
strategies platform; in return, we divvy up the returns among all participants
16

who make a contribution. Furthermore, these teams have special access to a
portion of CIT’s astronomical amount of data. As the strategies platform rapidly
grows, we will maintain close contact with traditional financial institutions
to reinforce the strength of research and development of strategies. CAMP
is constantly undergoing an industry-wide search for leading research and
investment teams and plans to continue to build relationships well into the
future. We professionally organize a wide range of scenarios to establish a
trading strategy platform (see Figure 4-3), where strategy developers and
investors can be directly associated with, at their own free will, to make the
most satisfactory combination.
Figure 4-2 Architecture of Quantitative Analysis-Based Investment
Portfolio

The quantitative trading strategies models produces scores that are published
according to the strategy category on the CAMP Leaderboards. Once
strategists are comfortable with their strategy, they can start raising funds
on the platform for their strategy, setting the applicable management fee
and carried interests. Users can choose to invest in partnership with these
strategists on the platform. If the user chooses to invest using the native
CNNS token, the management fee and carried interests will be waived.
Strategists can also earn CNNS tokens via producing strategies. As a platform
that permits different strategists to build and contribute trading ideas, top
“Strategists” can receive CNNS tokens as rewards based on top strategies.
17

Figure 4-3 Architecture of Quantitative Trading Strategies Platform

4.3 Fund of Funds (FOF)
Fund of Funds is an investment strategy which invests in a portfolio that
contains different crypto funds. CIT’s content team, data team, and user
growth team, along with CAMP’s business development team and investment
teams give CNNS an unparalleled lead on information collection and essential
resources for successful investments. Moreover, this all translates into our
ability to launch crypto asset-based fund products that are fully compliant with
local laws. The USA, Japan, Singapore, and Hong Kong SAR are all pioneers
in setting up the cryptocurrency regulatory framework, and we believe
that many countries and districts will follow suit. The regulatory progress
unequivocally springs the crypto asset management to the next level. More
and more traditional financial institutions pivot to crypto assets, and that will be
the main focus of our Fund of Funds (FOF).

4.4 Robo-Advisor
18

Investment returns for cryptocurrency investors can be disheartening
sometimes due to insufficient awareness of high risks and lack of reliable
analysis tools.
Robo-advisor is a big data technology. With the help of robo-advisor, CNNS
is able to uncover hidden patterns under wraps of each user after a thorough
analysis on their behavior and risk appetite. Supplemented by algorithmic
models, CNNS delivers a customized solution for asset allocation. Meanwhile,
we conduct real-time monitoring on the potential yields of users’ asset
allocation and suggest proper adjustments to maximize profits within the
preferred risk range. In the crypto asset market where mathematics reigns,
robo-advisor services are expected to locate a best investment solution for
each and every investor.

4.5 Customized Advanced Trading Tools and Big Data Platform
Other investment teams within the CNNS ecosystem, either institutional
investors or high net worth individual investors, may request access to
customized advanced trading tools and our big data platform. Small-sized
or medium-sized investment teams often tumble on a great many obstacles
resource-wise, to develop their own trading tools. Given the challenges hidden
in cryptocurrency exchanges and blockchain projects, we serve a spectrum of
effective trading tools based on our technical reserves for users’ convenience.
On top of that, the big data platform developed by our full-stack tech team
can be used to provide the analysis for all CNNS users. We believe that the
cryptocurrency market will be a valuable domain for big data and quantitative
trading. Estimated to roll out next year, the big data platform will incorporate
the following modules:
On the whole, CAMP takes on the role equivalent to the traditional financial
industry within the CNNS ecosystem; it optimizes the efficiency of asset
allocation with multiple effective measures at its disposal, associates premier
blockchain products with abundant resources, and brings about high expected
returns to CNNS users.
19

Figure 4-4 CAMP Customized Modules

20

5. CNNS Value Exchange Platform (CVEP)
CNNS Value Exchange Platform (CVEP) makes the exchange of value easier
through tokenization. With more regulations coming to the cryptocurrency
market, the future of the market will be operating within a more legally
compliant framework characterized by transparency. CVEP provides a
gateway for any content of value and assets from industries across the board
to be compliantly tokenized on the blockchain. Individual users engaged in
trading on-chain or off-chain assets will also benefit from the convenience and
security providing provided by CVEP. CNNS foresees many real-world assets
will migrate to blockchains and be tokenized in the future for the purposes
of streamlining on-chain circulation, trading, auditing, regulation, and other
activities in a more convenient and transparent fashion. The CNNS team
commits our resources to making the global exchange of values frictionless
and more efficient.
Owing to CIT and CAMP, CNNS is able to accumulate a collection of nodes,
users, and on-chain and off-chain resources, which the CNNS eco-system
sustainably interacts to refine products and to create more user features for
future participants. A completely decentralized exchange platform of value is
necessary to boost the efficiency of exchanges for all participants within the
CNNS ecosystem. CVEP, once deployed, will facilitate all value exchanges
and stoke the blooming momentum of the ecosystem in full swing.
From a broader perspective of the blockchain industry in its entirety, CVEP
helps smooth the disassociation between blockchain technology and the
cryptocurrency market, and further interacts with various projects featuring
diverse use cases and technologies, in pursuit of improving society with the
benefits of blockchain technology. For traditional business leaders, this is
the place to tokenize their current or potential assets to embark on a new
phase of growth, with industry-leading support to overcome technological and
regulatory hurdles along the way. CVEP will also resort to external forces to
make a reality of its ideals and also strive to achieve a better collective future
by investing in other projects in the blockchain community.
21

On-Chain and Off-Chain Exchange of Value in CVEP
CNNS has entered strategic partnerships with multiple leading cryptocurrency
exchanges around the globe in order to be able to access real-time trading
data, which means a registered CNNS user can log in to all these exchanges
with his/her CNNS account. CNNS also functions as a tally book for users’
holding portfolios across their exchanges of choice, tracking the collective
gains and losses on their balance sheet in one screen. Ridding users of
hassles with numerous accounts on multiple exchanges significantly lowers
the barriers to entry and makes cryptocurrency trading easier.
All transactions happening within CVEP will be processed by a self-developed
settlement engine, with CNNS being the medium. In this one-stop exchange
hub of value, users are privileged with great convenience unseen on any
other platform. For example, exchanges cannot stretch beyond their listing
assets to provide extra liquidity, while CVEP is far more inclusive; furthermore,
exchanges uphold relatively high transaction and deposit/withdrawal fees,
which takes a bite off users’ gains, while CVEP fairly lowers the outlay.
In the future, all partners in the CNNS ecosystem with access will be capable
of converting on-chain assets to empower off-chain and real-world activities.

CVEP Facilitates Assets Tokenization
We now live in a world departmentalized by a wide range of asset types,
such as equity, real estate, gold, art, music copyright, etc. Many will face
challenges when attempting to improve liquidity of some assets and move
them into circulation. Owing to such fundamental inconvenience, buyers and
sellers have no choice but to turn to contracts or legal documents to guarantee
a deal. Furthermore, backlogs of paperwork and redundant legal processes
are not only inefficient but also remain difficult to keep track of. One solution
for this troubling issue is to tokenize real-world assets and migrate them to
the blockchain where they can easily transfer across the world in a compliant
fashion.
For traditional industries, tokenization of current or future product has the
potential to enable the next wave of rapid growth. It offers liquidity, efficiency
22

and transparency not seen before in traditional assets. For investors, such
advantages along with diversity and 24/7/365 market make such tokens an
enticing asset type to invest in or to diversify their current portfolio.
The desire for greater leverage in trading and to shun away from regulation
always propels financial innovation. Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), which
sparked off the last bull run, benefited profoundly from a vacuum of regulation;
unfortunately, useless and fraudulent projects (better known in the industry
as “shitcoins”) have delegitimized decent projects and practitioners which
eventually triggered the market to crash. This has taught the industry a hardlearned lesson: compliant tokenization is the only path leading to the future.
The popularity of security token rises into recent prominence in light of such
regulatory developments. Security tokens are cryptographic tokens whose
value are backed by external assets, which can then be traded or generate
profit for token holders. Unlike utility tokens for ICOs, security tokens are
subject to the laws and regulations that govern securities within that country.
In the current landscape, security tokens are divided into two types: equity
tokens and asset tokens. An equity token represents a share in the underlying
company and is sold to raise capital for blockchain startups, an equivalent to
traditional stocks. As with any stock purchase, holders are entitled to a portion
of the company’s profits and a right to vote on its future. An asset token is
anchored to a certain type of real-world asset. The investors only yield profits
from the amount they purchase, rather than from the asset in its entirety.
CVEP will make use of its technical expertise and industrial resources to
facilitate migration of off-chain assets to security tokens in an expeditious and
compliant way. Influential third-party legal firms, auditing firms, and evaluation
agencies will join the quest, initiated by CVEP, to formulate standardized
agreements of the asset conversion, through which seamless cross-border
transactions between different assets and fiat currencies are made possible.
Asset-backed security tokens are a sharp break from utility tokens. A compliant
Security Token Offering (STO) is also far less costly than a traditional Initial
Public Offering (IPO). Security tokens can serve as a bridge between the real
economy, financial sectors, and blockchain technology.
23

CVEP will provide a detailed guide on the whole STO process. Our technology
team will advise you throughout the tokenization process of the product you
are targeting, and experts from our legal-compliance team will come at your
aid to overcome potential legal and regulatory hurdles along the way. We also
provide assistance in the KYC/AML process and whitelist investors for your
offering and marketing strategies if deemed necessary. CNNS’s vast amount
of connecting and collaboration networks will you in making this process
smooth and efficient, and assist you in getting the maximum benefits through
the tokenization process.
The set of procedures and one-stop services will be in place for both
enterprises and individuals who seek to raise funds via STOs. CVEP strives
to incorporate every single industry into the new financial world redefined by
blockchain technology, fast and cost-effectively.

24

6. CNNS Global Community
CNNS recognizes that for any blockchain ecosystem to be successful, the
user within the ecosystem is of the highest importance. User-centricity is our
key value and since the start, we have given top priority to the establishment
of communities and poured considerable resources and time in community
management for a vibrant ecosystem. CNNS Global Community (CGC),
is the platform connecting all user within the ecosystem, both online and
offline. CGC is a vibrant community with rapid growth and exchanges news,
technology, information, and value within the CNNS ecosystem. It’s a place
to learn state-of-the-art blockchain technologies, interact with fellow peers
through organize events, technology trainings, and social media groups.. It
allows new blockchain projects to attract talent, for experts to find a good
project to work on, and early investors to find good blockchain projects to fund
early. Everyone within CGC will be encouraged and incentivized to participate
and contribute. CNNS platform will be the place to meet and connect with
all the blockchain participants. For experts and CNNS businesses, you will
have the broadest audience here at CBC. All user are encourage to join to
unlock the power blockchain technology, leverage valuable new relationships
and channels, business and strategic guidance, technical mentorship and
resources, marketing support and a range of go-to-market opportunities.

CNNS Society
CNNS provides an incomparable user experience. It has gathered masses of
people interested in blockchain technology to form vibrant communities that
adhere to a user-centric philosophy, share useful knowledge with members,
and help them make wise investment decisions. It has proven to be an
expeditious method to boost customer awareness and has fostered growth
in the community. As of now, the CNNS community consortium alone, has a
coverage of millions of members.

CNNS Chinese Club
25

Established in March 2018, the CNNS Chinese club seeks to label itself
as decentralized and distributed, unite blockchain fans around the globe,
and facilitate investment with useful information and vast social network
connections through online and offline communications. We sincerely hope that
every Chinese club member can get involved and find a sense of belonging
in networking with the community. So far, the CNNS Chinese club covers
300 local cities with 1,000 CNNS fans turned club leaders, over 1 million club
members, and over 1,000 communities. 2020 is likely to see the CNNS Chinese
club extend coverage to three million members and 13 million users.

Connections and Collaborations
Connections and collaborations with the CNNS has become a win-win for
every party involved in the blockchain world. As a dynamic platform for public
discussion, CIT connects users, projects, exchanges, and institutions from
over 150 countries, 2,700 regions and areas. More than 300 projects and 1,000
contributors generate valuable content on a regular basis. We also provide a
range of opportunities to access valuable new channels, exclusive strategic
partnerships and innovative technology and resources to accelerate growth.

CNNS Academy
In the coming two years, CNNS Academy is positioned to be a regulatory and
professional blockchain education platform based on existing public courses,
in-depth articles, and numerous active users and experts.
CNNS Public Courses
CNNS ha s es t a b li s h e d a b l o c kc ha in k n owl e d ge s har in g an d
communicating platform for members. We invite blockchain professionals
to live stream industry-specific knowledge on our platform regularly. As of
now, CNNS public courses have helped at least 100,000 users.
X-Coin Lab Symposium
The offline X-Coin Lab Symposium, which partners with industry
leaders, top-tier professionals, founders of successful projects, etc.,
26

focuses on hot topics and general issues in the blockchain industry for
knowledge sharing, project introduction, and brand promotion with a
series of worldwide tours. It has a series of expert keynotes, interactive
panel discussions and solution-based case studies, all exploring the key
industries that are set to be disrupted the most by this new technology.
The platform expects to cover a total of 10 million users within two years.

Global Autonomous Groups
CNNS’s global autonomous group are self-governing from the bottom to the
top. Everyone is a participant and contributor who stands a chance to become
a value-creating Super Node and devote themselves to the CNNS ecosystem.
We categorize communities by either location or function. Administrators,
selected according to the open voting mechanism, are only given general
guidelines and have the freedom to determine the path to bolster the activity of
communities based on their specific needs.

CNNS Governance
CNNS recognize that at the early stages of the CNNS Ecosphere, a
governance cannot be avoided for on-chain setups, data and token
management, representation of CNNS to collaborate through the Super Node
Project, strategic partnership and interactions with policy makers. At the early
stages, the CNNS Governance, lead by the CNNS Foundation, will leverage
our strong relationships with some of the most promising entrepreneurs,
current exchanges and other top investors in the space to enable more rapid
development, react to issues faster, and update the transaction types within
the ecosphere reflecting to the new legal and regulatory policies. CNNS
provides gateways to scores of cryptocurrency exchanges, blockchain projects,
and crypto funds, which can be leveraged to build up a cogent assessment
on each one of them from a broader perspective. That level of knowledge
helps us beat other investment institutions to discover premier projects in both
primary and secondary markets. Following their participation in the CNNS
ecosystem, we, in return, associate the projects with more industrial resources
beneficial to a promising future. The is of vital importance to all the users,
27

regardless of personal or professional. As the CNNS Ecosphere develops,
along with more mature regulatory policies, the Governance will gradually
reduce its influence within the ecosystem, and maintain an organized, efficient,
decentralized running of the whole blockchain ecosystem.

28

7. CNNS Blockchain System
CNNS blockchain system is the underlying system for all the CNNS component
platforms and the interactions and transactions within the CNNS community
which uses the CNNS token as the medium. On the CNNS blockchain, user
profile data allows for data points — profile data, preferences, net worth,
account information — to be shared as needed, with each individual block of
data being stored securely, but permitted for access by the individual (read,
write, edit) as needed. Collaboration among participants within the CNNS
ecosystem is encouraged as projects, portfolios, or strategies development
are well-tracked with access on a need-to-know basis. Through blockchain
technology, CNNS also provides a reliable, immutable, time-stamped secured
transaction record. CNNS provides a customized smart contract generator
with pre-secured templates to facilitate all the transactions completed within
the CNNS Ecosphere. All transactions, regardless of on-chain or off-chain are
encouraged to use the CNNS blockchain platform as the transaction method
for security, trustless and immutable record.

Architecture of CNNS Blockchain
CNNS blockchain has a total of 4 layers:
A ) Underlying Blockchain Layer
A smart contract engine, distributed ledger, consensus algorithm, and
digital assets all make the four pillars of the bottom layer. Structured data
on different dimensions of the cryptocurrency businesses will be secured
by on-chain smart contracts; hence, they are traceable and immutable. On
top of data consistency, malicious nodes are weeded out.
B ) Node Services Layer
The node services layer is comprised of an account management system,
private key management, smart contracts, and information security. In
order to tackle issues, this layer supports the nodes to verify and authorize
accounts and leverages immutability and traceability which is innate of
29

blockchain technology.
C ) Services Layer
A recommendation and search engine, API/SDK, legal and regulatory
compliance, and advertising system are the main components of services
layer. APIs latch CNNS components to other players within the blockchain/
cryptocurrency industry to expedite the network effect for the CNNS
ecosystem, which axiomatically benefits DApp developers. Decentralized
storage of data makes it more likely to see blockchain-powered advertising
and search services to become common use for all users.
D ) Application Layer
It consists of a crypto wallet, CNNS DApp, advertising tool, and the
CNNS Community. Wallet and DApps are under development and will be
launched very soon.
Figure 7-1: CNNS Blockchain Architecture

30

Wallet
The CNNS wallet is an easy-to-use and intuitive platform to allow the user
to combine and manage all cryptocurrencies at one location. It reduces the
complexity of all the different exchanges for cryptocurrencies, while providing
comparative pricing for best trade value considering the trading fee. We offer
customer support and a comprehensive Help Center to reduce any friction you
might have when managing your crypto assets. CNNS wallets incorporate the
highest level of security with dedicated security team members protecting the
valuable user assets. Algorithms developed by machine learning and fraud
experts flag potential malicious transactions from the wallets, especially for
users that have registered through the KYC/AML process.
DApp and Other Applications
Figure 7-1 Interface of CIT Mobile APP

CNNS has developed a website and an App together with our strategic partner
CoinNess. We are leveraging CoinNess’s industry leading experience with 26
iterations over a period of 18 months. As of now, more than a dozen languages
are supported in line with CNNS’s diversified user base. Statistics consolidate
the fact that the stability of our products and the number of active users dwarf
31

competitors by a large margin.

Consensus and Blockchain Nodes
CNNS blockchain incorporates the Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS)
consensus mechanism. Every node in the blockchain network is a computer
or server terminal that produces new blocks, verifies, records and broadcasts
transactions, and stores all of the block data. We divide the global nodes into
Super Nodes and General Nodes.
Super Nodes
At the early stages, CNNS will propose Super Nodes through our Super Node
Projects for rapid development of the CNNS ecosphere to encourage highquality content providers and contributors to join CNNS and provide highquality service to all CNNS users. CNNS users will have the ultimate rights
to select and deselect Super Nodes with their votes. This is based on a
decentralized voting mechanism and is more democratic than other consensus
algorithms because CNNS will have little influence to control the final Super
Node election. In cases where Super Nodes fail to perform their duty, they will
be removed from the list and replaced by new Super Nodes.
Super Nodes include but are not limited to the following four types:
Super BD Nodes — responsible for connections with businesses and
customers.
Super Marketing Nodes — responsible for CNNS promotion and
community growth.
Super Content Provider Nodes — responsible for high-quality contents
within the platforms.
Super Contribution Nodes — responsible for CNNS rapid growth.
General Nodes
Every user is a node capable of not only communicating with the whole
blockchain network but also participating in the Super Node selection
according to our DPoS consensus mechanism.
32

Among General Nodes, CNNS will reward the superior ones including but not
limited to the following two types, even if they don’t reach the higher level of
Super Node:
Content Nodes — able to generate high-quality and useful blockchainrelated content.
Community Influencers — able to help govern the community or be a key
opinion leader (KOL)
Details about the election and competition mechanisms of Super Nodes will
be revealed before the official launch of CNNS Global Super Node Project.

33

8. Token Issuance and Token Economy
Token Issuance
The CNNS Token is an ERC20 standard token based on the Ethereum
network. We will distribute a total supply of 10 billion CNNS tokens; there will
be no additional issuance of CNNS in future.
Token distribution and the lock-up plan:

Business Model
Tools, communities, and tokens are the nature of blockchain. We will build an
integrated and healthy business model using CNNS token to activate the entire
value network. However, it’s worth noting that our business model is designed
on a not-for-profit basis and is intended to unite and encourage communities
to devote themselves to a better value ecosystem.
First and foremost, holding CNNS token gives you access to the various
features and functionalities that the CNNS ecosphere offers. Payment is
34

only made when added-value items are selected, which may be high-quality
content, analysis, strategy, transactions, services, advertisements, etc. CNNS
believes in non-for-profit for rapid development of the blockchain industry,
and all in-house content and services provided will have a relatively low fee
imposed. For independent content and service providers, whether it will be
free or how much fee to be charged depends on the provider, and the users
can determine whether it’s worth the fee depending on the added value. For
these transactions, CNNS will also impose a small platform fee as a form of
tax toward the independent content and service provider.
All the token income will be collected and used as incentives back to all
the CNNS participants within the CNNS ecosphere to encourage network
participation, interactions and catalyze technology developments. Usercentricity, authenticity and high quality is decidedly valued in the CNNS
ecosystem, and participants will be incentivized or punished based on the their
actions.
In CNNS, our non-for-profit nature doesn’t look for a business model with a
high cost involved. “Staking”, on the other hand is encouraged for users to
express their values and preferences, joining in a collective effort in building
a better blockchain community. “Staking” is simply committing a positive
balance of CNNS token for an agreed-upon period. All the rankings and the
influence of contributors are based on the users that are committed to support,
which is also how the level of rewards are determined for content and service
providers. It also acts as a discount token for individuals and businesses
staking the token. The level of discount and data access of the project depend
on the amount of CNNS token and the duration of the commitment.
Through staking of CNNS tokens, economical commitment is redesigned and
improved to extract greater monetary value for users and reduce the main
fears for customers. By staking the CNNS token, a customer expresses an
economic commitment to the service while still being able to sell the assets
on the open market, when he chooses, or discontinues the service without
incurring any additional financial cost.
By effectively stating the economic value of CNNS tokens in our set of
products and services, we reduce the incentive to trade CNNS tokens on the
35

open market based on speculation. In addition to the access, CNNS gives our
users additional features and services within our ecosystem. Staking CNNS
token adds an additional, unrealized value to each circulating token. CNNS
provides platforms for which customers will use for their entire duration in the
blockchain industry. Token holders that stake their CNNS to receive a discount
on their service will realize the added value.
There exists a sweet spot among stake, reward and cost that would be
appealing to all participants and make CNNS function as a healthy network.
We recognize that in the early stages, such equilibrium may be difficult
to achieve on its own. CNNS Governance will be in charge of setting a
proper architecture to encourage rapid development and participation within
the ecosystem, so early involvement in the CNNS ecosphere is definitely
beneficial. As CNNS reaches a fully growth ecosystem, its stability will be
greatly increased, and the stake/reward/cost will be entirely dependent on the
users and the market.

CNNS Usage Examples
Stake case examples
Access to CNNS platform contents and services
CNNS users, retail or institutional, need to stake CNNS token to access
the contents and services CNNS platforms CIT, CAMP or CVEP provide.
Payments are not necessary until added-value services are purchased. By
staking a crypto asset, a customer expresses an economic commitment to
service while still being able to sell the assets on the open market, when
he chooses, or discontinues the access without incurring any additional
financial cost.
Ranking of content, service, strategy providers
Through staking of tokens, CNNS users express their values and
preferences. This is very important to the providers, as the influence of
contributors are based on the users that are committed to supporting
you, which is also how the level of rewards is determined for content and
36

service providers. CNNS users can withdraw their staked tokens and
support to the provider whenever they deem fit. Authenticity and quality
are key values we promote in CNNS. For contributors that have been
flagged of posting fake news or misleading information, those contents will
be reviewed and penalized if found to be malicious by users.
Access to CNNS Ecosphere for outside content and service providers
We understand that certain providers have their reservation in joining the
CNNS Ecosphere but still would like to provide valuable information or
service to CNNS users. Such providers will need to stake CNNS token to
interact with the CNNS users, as a form of insurance in case of malicious
activities.
Reward case examples
Generate valuable blockchain-related content
We welcome each individual/institutional user, journalist, editor, reviewer,
and those big names in the blockchain sphere to publish news feeds and
in-depth articles, which can be either original or selected and reposted,
and receive rewards from both our platform and users/investors. On the
one hand, content generators can have a broader readership and receive
many rewards through our referral and voting systems if the content is
deemed valuable. The more valuable the content is, the more rewards
your account will receive. On the other hand, we will have a punishment
system to prohibit contributors and investors’ from cheating and guarantee
all of the contributors can be recognized and share bonuses in a fair
manner especially when there are increasingly more investors and market
watchers joining in the CNNS ecosystem.
Input valuable strategies and trading tools or be a qualified advisor on
CAMP
User must use CNNS, the only official token on CAMP, to access
strategies or experience advanced trading instruments. These CNNS
tokens will, in turn, be partially rewarded to contributors, who always have
a choice to make their input either a paid service or free to the public.
37

Smart contracts will record user data and time stamps permanently. This
guarantees the authenticity of all operations and strategic analyses. To
solve problems of trust and ensure openness and fairness on CAMP, we
reply on a performance-based incentive mechanism that distributes CNNS
incentives according to the actual returns on investment.
Contribute to the development of CGC and CNNS
The forms of contributions can vary from developing DApps and governing
communities to connecting to more blockchain projects, all of which will
be recorded and placed on-chain. Community members have the right to
vote for contributors during different periods, and preeminent contributors
will be rewarded with CNNS accordingly. As communities grow larger,
the CNNS Foundation also prepares a private prize pool for preeminent
contributors. The more active users CNNS have, the more needed and
valuable CNNS will be. This is to bring early believers and contributors
enormous returns.

Spending cases examples
Spending cases are the most straightforward representation of the value of
tokens. With multiple uses cases, we endeavor to utilize all available resources
to tap CNNS’s potential, including but not limited to:
Access fee for CNNS terminals and DApps
CNNS can assure users convenience when they use CNNS tokens to pay
for a range of services provided by CCNS terminals and DApps, such as
personalized news notifications, investment instruments, live or recorded
blockchain courses, offline conferences, etc.
Purchase fee for digital asset funds, trading instruments, and big data
platforms
Users can also use CNNS to purchase digital asset funds on CAMP, the
trading instruments, the big data platform, and other tools.
Service fee for STO listings, transactions, and withdrawals
38

CNNS will be the only official token for off-chain asset STO listings,
transactions, and withdrawals of tokens in the CNNS ecosystem.
Advertising fee for marketing and promotional services
We provide special offerings to all participants in the blockchain industry,
including, among others, projects, exchanges, venture capitalists, or
individual investors when they pay in CNNS for marketing and promotions.
Payment method for off-chain and DApps purchases
In the future, CNNS will be commonly used as both an on-chain and offchain payment method for blockchain applications and DApps.
In summary, we will use all of the funds raised by the establishment and
development of the CNNS Ecosphere and projects involved to enhance
product research, team recruiting, marketing, and globalization. Meanwhile, with
a faster iterative algorithm and a user-centered philosophy, we strive to widen
the gap and become the market leader, cherish the harmonious atmosphere
created by each CNNS token, and let everyone in the ecosystem prosper off
the benefits of blockchain.

39

9. Team Introduction
At present, CNNS has nearly 200 qualified talents, more than 150 of which are
in China and more than 30 of which are located overseas. The team members
contain experienced blockchain experts, as well as talents from large financial
institutions and Internet companies such as Alibaba and Tencent. Also,
outstanding recent graduates from prestigious universities around the world
are joining CNNS continuously.
Foundation Headquartered in Singapore, the Foundation is in charge of
the CNNS Governance, and is committed to the development of CNNS,
advocacy, and promotion of governance transparency, prompting safe
and harmonious development of the open-source ecology. The foundation
will help manage general issues and privileged issues of open-source
community projects by developing favorable governance structure. The
purpose of the Foundation’s governance structure design mainly takes into
account sustainability of open-source community projects, effectiveness of
management, and security of fundraising.
Technology Team The technology team has a total of 33 members and
has extensive product development capabilities in App development,
wallet applications, security, data exchange, and the underlying technology
of smart contracts. It is a blockchain technology team with robust
comprehensive capabilities.
Data Team The data team has a total of 11 members who have rich
experience in big data processing and are strong at data mining and
strategy algorithms. By collecting, processing, and analyzing of big data,
the team is able to better understand the industry, serve users, and build
core competitive advantages.
Product Team The product team has a total of 11 members. It aims to
greatly assist the user experience. They believe creating commercial value
is based on creating user value.
Content Team The content team has a total of 40 members. The key
40

executives of the team are from well-known economic and financial media
organizations. They have a deep understanding of the traditional financial
industry and have access to extensive resources. The team is committed
to expanding into regulatory and other areas, serving cryptocurrency
investment users and blockchain industry readers. The content team
is familiar with Internet product logic and attaches importance to the
connection between user produced content and users. The content team
has a global vision. Many of the editors have overseas study experiences
and have long-term work deployments in Seoul, Korea and Plymouth,
United Kingdom.
Operation Team The operation team has a total of 10 members including
Internet operation leader with focus on user operations. They are pivotal
in the blockchain industry because they are able to build community and
achieve rapid user growth up into the millions with zero promotional fees.
Quantitative Team The quantitative team has a total of eight members
who are all from well-known traditional financial institutions and have rich
practical experience and strong research capabilities. The quantitative
trading team has the privilege over using relevant resources of the
company and has the capability of obtaining relevant information. The
team focuses on data, operations, and technology, and gathers the power
of the company to create revenue for the company and its clients.
Business Team The business team has a total of seven members
who are experts at integrating resources, marketing, and monetizing.
At present, the team integrates resources from the blockchain industry
for the purpose of building a useful and benign resource ecology. They
provide the most suitable promotional and business solutions which
help individuals and businesses cooperate within the industry and to
help monetization. Combining their successful experience in media, the
Internet, and overseas study and entrepreneurship, they explore more
business values, resources, and opportunities under the changing market
demand.
Korean Business Department It has a total of 20 members, all from
South Korea. The team has the distinguished ability to expand the
41

blockchain and cryptocurrency market in its country.
US Business Department It has a total of 24 members. Most of the
members have overseas work and study experience and have extensive
experience in product globalization. The team is committed to expanding
CNNS around the world and promoting CNNS from the number one
investor resource in China to the number one investor resource in the
world.

42

10. Disclaimer
This document is for informational purposes only; its content serves only
as reference and does not constitute the provision of opinion on the trading
of CNNS token, nor any advice, solicitation or an offer by CNNS or any
relevant companies for the purchase and sale of any shares or securities.
This document is not part of and should not be understood as any trading
behaviors, and is not an agreement or commitment in any form.
Any targets mentioned herein are subject to change considering all the
unforeseeable circumstances. Notwithstanding all efforts made by the team
to achieve all the goals contained herein, individuals and groups purchasing
CNNS token shall assume the risks related thereto by themselves. Some
content contained herein may be updated correspondingly into a new white
paper as the project progresses, and updated contents will be disclosed by
public announcement on the official website or in a new white paper.
CNNS expressly disclaims any liability for any direct or indirect loss arising
from:
reliance on any content contained herein;
any incorrect, missing or inaccurate information contained herein and any
behaviors resulted therefrom.
any behavior caused by this article;
Notwithstanding all efforts made by the team to achieve all the goals
contained herein, we cannot guarantee successful fulfillment of such
targets considering all force majeure events.
CNNS token is an instrument issued by the CNNS platform, rather than
an investment option or a kind of ownership or control right. Control over
CNNS token does not assume the ownership of the CNNS platform or any
applications thereon. CNNS token does not grant any person any right to
participate in or control over any decisions made for CNNS platform or any
applications thereon.
CNNS token is a kind of digital token with the CNNS platform as one of its
43

many applications. We cannot guarantee its appreciation in the future, and it
may devalue in certain circumstances.
To the maximum extent allowed by law, in no event will we be liable for any
damages or risks arising from the participation, including but not limited to any
direct or indirect personal damage, loss of business interests, loss of business
information, or any other economic losses.
The CNNS platform has expressly disclosed the possible risks to all
participants. Once participants participate in CNNS token’s public offering, it
is deemed that participants have understood and agreed with all the clauses
contained in the detailed terms, and have accepted the potential risks of the
platform, with all consequences resulted therefrom by themselves.

44

