Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Version 2.0 written in consultation with Atomrigs Consulting, Inc.

Index

Summary

4

01 Introduction

5

1.1. Problems to Solve

5

1.2. Solutions Overview

7

- CoinUs Wallet

7

- CoinUs Keeper

7

- CoinVerse

8

02 CoinUs Wallet
2.1. Versatility
- Multi-Cryptocurrency Wallet

9
9                                                            
9                                            

- Multi-Language Support

10

- Multi-Exchange Rate Managing

10

- Dapp Browser

11

- Blockchain Explorer

11

- Asset Portfolio Management

11

2.2. Usability 	

11                                                       

- Only One-Time Backup

11                                                

- Tokens Auto Discovery

12

- Explore Transaction History

12

2.3. Security

13                                                        

- 2-Factor Authentication 	

13

- Off-Line Signing and Trust Zone

14

2.4. Technical Approach                    	

15                                   

- Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) Wallet   	

15

- Index Server

16                             

- Another Approach
03 CoinUs Keeper

17

Protocol

18

04 CoinVerse

19

4.1. CoinVerse Overview

19

4.2. Identity Management, KYC

20                                             

4.3. Community Commerce     	

20                                           

4.4. Integration with DEX                                                  	

20

4.5. Instant Coin Swap

21

4.6. ICO Token Launcher

21

              

Index

4.7. Airdrop Management

22

4.8. AI based Digital Asset Management      	

23                                

4.9. Micropayment & Payment Gateway

23

05 Token Economy
5.1. Design Rationale

24
24

- Resources for Bootstrapping Reward

24                                   

- The Stability of Utility Tokens

24                                 

- A Virtuous Circle for Continued Growth

25

- Preventing the Concentration of Tokens and Their Value

25

5.2. Issuance and Characteristics of CNUS & BNUS    	

25                         

5.3. Bancor Price Determination

26

5.4. CNUS Supply Control Mechanism    	

28                                    

5.5. How to Acquire CNUS

28

5.6. CNUS Usages      	

29                                   

5.7. Methods of Acquiring BNUS

30

5.8. Reward Balancing for Long-Term Investment and
Contribution to Network Growth         

32                    

- Limits on Pocket Size

32                                    

5.9.  CoinVerse Services and Reward System Examples

33

- Airdrop & ICO Network  	

33                                             

- Community Commerce Network 	

34

- DEX Network

35

5.10. Actors on CoinVerse

36

- Actor 1. Wallet Users    

36                                            

- Actor 2. CoinVerse Community Network Administrators  

37

- Actor 3. Marketers and Merchants

38

- Actor 4. BNUS Token Holders

38

06 Road Map

39

07 Token Distribution

40

08 Company

41

8.1. Team  	

41

8.2. Partners

42

8.3. Advisors

44

Summary
We designed CoinUs Wallet to improve the ease

ICO, airdrops, and micropayments. This fragmen-

of use and security of cryptocurrency wallets,

tation makes it very difficult and complicated for

which are two of the most paramount issues that

individual users to manage these services, and

need to be addressed to gain wider acceptance

the lack of UI integration causes significant con-

by general public. These two requirements of-

fusion. The CoinUs Wallet offers a single point of

ten tend Stand at odds with each other, but we

connection between such functions by using an

developed CoinUs Wallet to satisfy both of them

integrated service dubbed the CoinVerse, which

instead of sacrificing or compromising one or the

maximizes user convenience.

other. We were able to satisfy both requirements
by coalescing a wallet interface that has been

The success of the CoinUs Wallet and the Coin-

optimized for mobile and cryptocurrency tech-

Verse depends in large part on the quality of their

nologies with the CoinUs Keeper (“Keeper”), a

products and services. What is equally critical

hardware security device that meets the level of

here is the design of the crypto economy: how ef-

standards required in the financial industry.

ficiently you build the user base and how fair and
adequate the reward system is for a multitude of

The CoinUs Wallet will go beyond cryptocurrency

participants who contribute to the growth of the

storage and transfers to serve as a bridge that

network. With an unprecedentedly sophisticated

connects hitherto isolated elements of the cryp-

reward mechanism that underpins our growth

tocurrency ecosystem. Currently, the cryptocur-

strategies, the CoinUs Wallet creates an optimum

rency ecosystem is fraught with distinct interfaces

environment to offer integrated services and en-

and user environments provided by different ser-

sure user convenience and security, which effi-

vices such as trading on exchanges, conversion

ciently facilitates the process of entering the mass

between  cryptocurrencies, commerce, transfers,

market.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

asset management, decentralized applications,

4

01

Introduction

1.1. Problems to Solve
Cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies are widely recognized as having the potential to create a new industry that would render the differences between traditional
industries meaningless in many parts of the world. Indeed, the ecosystem which takes
advantage of this potential is growing dramatically. However, there are some hurdles to
overcome if a myriad of decentralized applications based on these technologies is  to
enter the mass market. Some of these prerequisites include a technological scaling
solution that can handle a surge in transactions within a target deadline, the design of
a sophisticated economic mechanism that sustains and grows a decentralized system,
and a streamlined institutional framework that accommodates new industry innovations.
It is worth noting here that other equally important issues are not receiving due attention.

Convenience vs. Security
For the general population, a cryptocurrency wallet is the most accessible decentralized
application based on cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies, and their convenience and security are of the foremost importance. The problem is that the two requirements are often in conflict with each other. In many cases, hardware wallets like the
Ledger and the Trezor have some room for improvement in terms of user convenience
because they focus only on the safe storage of cryptocurrencies, and as a result, they
are simply used for long-term storage rather than in day-to-day life. By contrast, many
mobile wallets developed only through software-oriented solutions are bound to lag behind their hardware-based counterparts in security as they focus on ease of use and
compatibility, which tends to limit their usage to low-value tokens.
We wanted to develop a solution that ensures maximum user convenience and provides
the same or higher levels of security compared to hardware wallets. The CoinUs Wallet
achieves these two goals by adopting a wallet interface that is optimized for mobile
and cryptocurrency technologies, and by adding the Keeper, a proprietary hardware
security device that offers the levels of security required by the financial industry. It also
provides significantly enhanced user convenience as it supports major currencies such
as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and EOS, ERC-20 tokens, and non-fungible tokens (NFT) like ERC721 through its single interface and security mechanism.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

A Siloed Approach and Poor User Experience

5

Synergies between cryptocurrencies and the blockchain ecosystem require the parallel growth of many different services. Currently, key services in the ecosystem include
centralized exchanges, decentralized exchanges, a host of decentralized applications,
cryptocurrency exchange/swap services, asset management, micropayments, decentralized commerce, advertising, ICOs for funding projects, and airdrops for initial coin/
token distribution. As the ecosystem grows, a greater number of new services are expected to appear. The problem is that as such services enter the ecosystem in droves,
users find it very difficult to keep up with them because they have to spend a considerable amount of time on learning different types of interfaces and familiarizing themselves
with distinct sets of complicated processes in order to use these services efficiently. A
larger number of services means higher costs for building the user base, and the user
experience is more likely to deteriorate rather than improve. If cryptocurrencies and the
blockchain ecosystem are to grow hand in hand, an innovative improvement in user
experience is critical.

The CoinUs Wallet offers an integrated service environment dubbed the CoinVerse,
which serves as a bridge that connects existing services in the ecosystem with new
ones that may appear going forward. The idea is to create an environment in which an
integrated interface allows individuals to use a single address or identity to access and
use a variety of services.

01

Introduction

The Initial Critical Mass: A Challenge Facing Decentralized Services
Many decentralized services are built upon innovative ideas that are designed to deliver
social values such as fair distribution of wealth, but they lack adequate bootstrapping
strategies to build a minimum user base that allows them to survive and grow on their
own.
It varies from application to application, but building a minimum user base without external input may prove to be unexpectedly costly, particularly when the market is already
dominated by existing centralized service providers. Even if decentralized eBay- or Amazon-type services promise greater benefits for seller and buyers, they cannot compete
without a sufficient number of sellers and buyers in the market. In addition, their economies of lesser-scale significantly limit their ability to offer competitive benefits.
The best way to address this issue of reaching the critical mass is to create a user pool
wherein a large group of services share their users as much as possible and provide
one another with incentives. The integrated service offered by the CoinVerse will play a
critical role in creating such a user-sharing environment. With its effective and sophisticated incentive system to reward players who contribute to the growth of the network,
the CoinVerse will help establish a solid foundation for building a user-sharing scheme.
Selling the Keeper, a hardware security device, through the CoinVerse’s community
commerce would serve as a good example of such network growth strategies.
The CoinUs project began as a human-centered initiative which goes beyond technology to prioritize usability and the characteristics of individual users, and we will leverage
the CoinVerse project, which embodies our philosophy and extended vision, to create a
blockchain ecosystem with a self-sustaining virtuous cycle.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

6

01

Introduction

1.2. Solutions Overview
The starting point of our solution is the combination of the CoinUs Wallet and the
CoinUs Keeper, and it is the CoinVerse which completes the integrated ecosystem.

CoinUs Wallet
The key element in realizing the objective of the CoinUs project is the cryptocurrency
wallet. The CoinUs Wallet is a light client that is optimized for mobile environments and
has been designed to enable the intuitive management of various cryptocurrencies and
tokens.
It does not require complex configuration, and it uses best technological practices and
optimum security standards to offer the perfect experience, allowing users to manage
their digital assets with ease and convenience.
While providing the main benefits of blockchain-based technologies, the CoinUs Wallet
offers standards for storing, buying, selling, transferring, and exchanging digital assets
by simplifying the interaction between blockchain assets and adopting reliable methodologies.
Its design ensures versatility, usability, and security, and it uses best practices available
in the current blockchain ecosystem to provide interoperability and compatibility with
existing solutions and services.

CoinUs Keeper
We have adopted a technology called a transaction-signing one-time password (OTP),
which is widely used in the financial industry to offer a new and robust security solution
for cryptocurrency wallets.
For users, the solution is provided in the form of a dedicated device for the CoinUs Wallet. We have named this device the Keeper.
It provides the CoinUs Wallet, a type of light wallet, with robust security, which is the
biggest strength of hardware wallets. This allows the service to remain light and maintain
its user convenience while reinforcing security at the same time. In this way, the CoinUs
Wallet works as a “hybrid wallet,” a novel concept in the crypto world.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

To the Keeper, we have applied an information dispersal algorithm, an innovative methodology that offers a safe way to store the wallet’s private keys, to ensure a more robust
level of security. The simple combination of the Keeper and CoinUs Wallet provides
portability, convenience, and stronger security, which will enable the service to be the
best asset management solution for users.

7

CoinVerse

02

Overview

[Picture 1] The CoinVerse Ecosystem

The CoinVerse is a comprehensive package based on a human-to-blockchain interface designed to build an integrated cryptocurrency ecosystem. It represents our human-focused approach that places greater importance on
user values and experiences than on technology. It also embodies our vision to create a “human-blockchain-universe interface” And, ultimately, create a global blockchain community. We will build a scalable environment in stages, wherein the CoinVerse middleware is leveraged to offer a host of services ranging from individual authentication
and DEX to asset management, cryptocurrency swaps, and community commerce.
Initial services will include ICO listing, airdrops, KYC, and preliminary community commerce using the Keeper, and
a variety of key services will be integrated into the portfolio In multiple phases according to our roadmap.
Human-to-Blockchain Interface

8

02

CoinUs Wallet

The CoinUs wallet focuses on creating a seamless user experience for interacting with
a blockchain.
Its light client architecture eliminates the need for the entire nodes to ensure an excellent
mobile experience, and the Keeper allows CoinUs Wallet to maintain its usability and
portability while offering more robust security.
In addition, its hierarchical deterministic wallet structure enables CoinUs Wallet to remain versatile without being dependent on a specific blockchain network protocol. The
Wallet will also support multiple languages, starting with Korean and English, to facilitate
consistent user experience across the globe.
The CoinUs Wallet will be launched on mobile devices first, and we plan to release a PC
version that accommodates Chrome extensions.

2.1. Versatility
A multitude of blockchain protocols may exist until the protocol competition between
public blockchains comes to an end, and a small number of protocols with clear benefits
survive in the ecosystem.
Given these circumstances, most users today invest in multiple cryptocurrencies, and
they need a versatile, protocol-agnostic cryptocurrency wallet.
Most wallets in the market leave much to be desired in meeting these needs. Creating
and managing multiple wallets to invest in different kinds of cryptocurrency is cumbersome and poses many potential security risks.

Multi-Cryptocurrency Wallet
We offer a solution that allows users to store multiple cryptocurrencies and tokens in a
single wallet.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

In the initial phases, we will support i) Ethereum and ERC-20 tokens, ii) Bitcoin, iii) EOS
and EOS tokens, iv) Litecoin, v) Bitcoin cash, and vi) Stellar and NEM.
(The priority of cryptocurrencies may change depending on advances in blockchain
technology, market trends, and strategic priorities.)

9

In addition to these initial cryptocurrencies, we will also support many others in stages
in accordance with our strategic priorities. This enables users to store and manage their
multiple cryptocurrency assets in the CoinUs Wallet. The technology and experience
built through the support of different cryptocurrencies will shorten the time required to
accommodate the next cryptocurrencies and serve as the foundation for supporting
more than 20 cryptocurrencies and hundreds of ERC-20 tokens.

02

CoinUs Wallet

When the CoinVerse Ecosystem is in place, we plan to logically integrate the cryptocurrencies supported by the CoinUs Wallet so that users can treat them as a single fiat
currency.
In addition to supporting multiple cryptocurrencies, the multi-wallet feature offers enhanced convenience by allowing users to make portfolio investments from a single account for smart asset management.
This is made possible by our HD wallet structure, which uses a hierarchical concept
wherein relevant keys are generated from a single starting point called the seed. After
creating a wallet once, users can manage a host of additional cryptocurrencies simply
by adding them to the wallet with a single click.

Multi-Language Support
Another feature that enhances the versatility of the CoinUs Wallet is multi-language support. It is a prerequisite to a consistent user experience across the globe. Starting with
Korean and English, we will offer support in Japanese and Chinese as well.

Multi-Exchange Rate Managing
The CoinUs Wallet offers price information on exchanges around the world.
A simple change in configuration allows users to view the prices on multiple exchanges
and modify the exchange list at any time. Exchanges available in this feature will be expanded in multiple stages according to our cryptocurrency support roadmap.
Through this feature, users have easy access to prices, transaction volumes, and price
gaps of cryptocurrencies on different exchanges. We will also add an alert feature that
pushes any change in total asset value in real time.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

10

02

CoinUs Wallet

Dapp Browser
Direct access from a wallet to decentralized applications (dApps) requires a dApp browser. We will make it possible to access dApps without having to install a separate module.
A limited number of applications with high commercial viability will be supported initially,
followed by an additional listing and an SDK module that will enable developers to support
applications themselves.

Blockchain Explorer
The CoinUs Wallet will be equipped with an explorer that enables direct access to real-time transaction data on key blockchains such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. This access
allows users to identify lags in transaction times caused by issues like a delay in block
creation and to respond effectively to such network disruptions.

Asset Portfolio Management
The CoinUs Wallet provides a single, comprehensive view of all coins and tokens and
offers their valuations expressed in fiat currency or cryptocurrency. In addition, users
can easily check the return on investment (ROI) of either a single cryptocurrency or all
of their cryptocurrencies for a certain period. We also plan to add alert features to implement our rebalancing strategies.

2.2. Usability
We leverage applications that individual users access every day to enable the broad
adoption of the blockchain ecosystem. This objective necessitates continued improvements in the CoinUs Wallet’s usability, and thus we will focus our efforts on enhancing
the user experience.

Only One-Time Backup

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Today, most wallets in service which store multiple cryptocurrencies require users to
perform backups individually for each cryptocurrency. This is cumbersome and is likely
to increase the number of security risks arising from user mistakes.

11

We address this issue by adopting Bitcoin Improvement Proposals (BIP)—specifically,
BIP32, BIP39, and BIP44. Instead of periodically backing up each sub-wallet for different cryptocurrencies, users can simply write down on a piece of paper the mnemonic
that is provided at the time of creating a CoinUs Wallet account and keep the paper in
a safe location.

This arrangement removes the need to create separate wallets for cryptocurrencies to
be added in stages and allows users to manage multiple cryptocurrencies by adding
them with a single click.

02

CoinUs Wallet

In addition to such mnemonics, users can back up their wallets with a QR code. Since
a user-defined password is required when creating such QR codes for additional encryption, it is impossible to steal cryptocurrencies stored in these wallets with just the QR
code, even if it is leaked to an outside entity.

Tokens Auto Discovery
The CoinUs Wallet offers the automatic detection of ERC-20 tokens. The balances of tokens correlated with the wallet address automatically appear on the asset lists of users,
which allows for smarter asset management.
Since ERC-20 token transactions are stored not in the normal address but in the contract
address, the only practical way for users to check their balance is to log on to the service
in question and enter the contract address.
As the retrieval of ERC-20 token transactions require a special mechanism, most wallet
services don’t offer this feature. We have an index server in place which catalogues all
transactions related to a specific address, including the transfer of tokens, and our wallet
client queries the smart contract to give the balance, including that of tokens.

Explore Transaction History
The Ethereum blockchain stores the state of each account, so users don’t need the
transaction details concerned to know the assets of a specific address. For this reason,
most light client-based wallet services don’t provide a transaction history.
From the perspective of users, the data on token transfers is also an asset, and thus
a key piece of information. Our index server automatically detects and identifies all
transactions relevant to the address of the user to generate a transaction history on the
CoinUs Wallet.
In accordance with our strategies to support different cryptocurrencies in stages, we
provide an integrated user interface through which users can view the transaction history of Ethereum and the cryptocurrencies supported by the CoinUs Wallet.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

12

02

CoinUs Wallet

2.3. Security
Security is the most important issue and is one of the foremost mandates for cryptocurrency wallets, as they must manage the precious assets of users safely.
In addition to the security offered by the HD wallet structure, which was adopted during
the design phase, we have two additional layers of security in place for the CoinUs Wallet to store our users’ cryptocurrency assets in a safe manner.

2-Factor Authentication
Two-factor authentication means the process of authenticating the user with two or more
factors. It is also referred to as multi-factor authentication.
The more factors that are involved in user authentication, the lower the risk of false authentication becomes. Not everything can be used as an authentication factor, however.
There are some standardized authentication factors.

Knowledge Factors: things that the user knows
Possession Factors: things that the user owns

Inherence Factors: things that are unique to the user

Knowledge factors include passwords, personal identification numbers (PINs), and patterns.
Possession factors can be likened to the act of using your key to open the door to your
home, and such examples are tokens, smart cards, and credit cards. In the case of OTP
authentication, which is widely used for mobile transactions, your mobile phone is a type
of possession factor.
Inherence factors refer to qualities that one is born with, such as fingerprints and irises.
The CoinUs Wallet offers two-factor authentication during the process of wallet creation
by requiring users to present a password or PIN along with their fingerprint. The account
password is also used in creating a backup QR code.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

In addition, the Keeper terminal also serves as a possession factor.

13

Off-Line Signing and Trust Zone
With all software programs including the CoinUs Wallet, computing requires data in
memory or storage. Such data is a key piece of security information. If it falls into the
hands of a malicious attacker, important security information could be Compromised.

02

CoinUs Wallet

The CoinUs Wallet has multiple layers of security in place to make sure that the process
of handling security information remains intact. One such security arrangement is to cut
the mobile device off from outside and make it offline while important security information
is being processed, which prevents this information from being leaked online. After the
processing is over, the memory is cleared to stave off any leakage.
In addition, we will leverage the trust zone (secure world) supported by the OS kernel to
strongly protect the computing process, which could be vulnerable to security threats
because it usually takes place in the user mode (normal world).
The offline signing scheme will be applied to Android first, and then followed by iOS.
Since the trust zone requires both the hardware (CPU) and the OS (Android, iOS), we
plan to implement the scheme first in environments that meet these requirements.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

14

02

CoinUs Wallet

2.4. Technical Approach
The CoinUs Wallet has adopted the highest technology standards, which are derived
from the best practices in the blockchain ecosystem. This is intended to ensure higher
levels of security and support the interoperability and compatibility with current blockchain protocols, solutions, or services.

Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) Wallet
The CoinUs Wallet is designed with the HD wallet structure, a type of hierarchical deterministic wallet, to:

Support a variety of cryptocurrencies and tokens with a single account
Support multiple wallets with a single account

Make data restoration easy through a single backup
Offer a newer, stronger security solution.

[Picture 2] HD Wallet Structure

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

In accordance with the BIP39 standard, 12 or 24 mnemonics (a kind of hint word) called
seeds are created. It is from these seeds that wallets are derived. Wallets are originated
from such seeds by going through multiple phases in a deterministic and hierarchical
process. Instead of being created randomly from seeds, wallet addresses are computed through a pre-defined logic the moment such seeds are determined.

15

The CoinUs Wallet has adopted the BIP32, BIP39, and BIP44 standards to provide multiple wallets which are derived from a single set of seeds. This allows users to restore
and backup their wallets easily without having to present other information. In addition,
the HD wallet structure is compatible with the blockchain network and other services as
it is supported by a large number of blockchain protocols.

Index Server
The blockchain inherently offers near-perfect security, but it could be vulnerable to hacking if the user’s personal or asset information is stored on a separate physical server. A
classic example of this is a series of exchange hacking incidents that have occurred in
recent years.
To ward off these risks, user information is stored only in the CoinUs Wallet, which is a
light client, so users have full control over their information, and this prevents any chances of data leakage.

02

CoinUs Wallet

There are only two usages for our servers: We use them when we provide general information such as app distribution, notifications, prices, and ICOs without using personal
and asset information, and we also have an indexing server in place to enable information exchange with the CoinUs Wallet in order to provide information on ERC-20 and
EOS tokens.
The restricted data availability is strategically chosen tradeoff that enhances the wallets
usability without introducing vulnerability that can compromise the assets stored in the
wallet. The indexing server allows the CoinUs Wallet to discover tokens automatically
and explore users’ transaction histories.
To be more specific, the server i) conducts high-level analyses of all transactions on the
blockchain, ii) indexes movements to public addresses, iii) catches events concerning
token transfers, and iv) indexes token transfers.
These functions are computationally too expensive to perform directly on mobile devices.

Another Approach
Today it is very hard to find a mobile light wallet that supports Bitcoin, Ethereum, and
EOS all at the same time. Even if there were any such wallets, it is very unlikely that they
would offer a single seed or backup feature. Our development team is leading the industry in this regard and we plan to begin supporting coins including Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin,
Stellar, and NEM in the fourth quarter of 2018.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

16

03

CoinUs Keeper

We leverage the transaction-signing OTP technology employed by the financial industry
to provide a novel, robust security solution for cryptocurrency wallets. Our new security
solution, dubbed the CoinUs Keeper, is a dedicated terminal for the CoinUs Wallet.

[Picture 3] How the CoinUs Keeper works

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

The Keeper stores important information managed by cryptocurrency wallets in its secure element to protect the cryptocurrency assets of users when they lose possession
of their wallets through loss of their phones and so on.

17

The Keeper is initially configured by coupling its unique device ID (UDID) and the Wallet’s universal unique ID (UUID), which allows communication with the coupled wallets
only. We will allow up to two CoinUs Wallet apps on smartphones to be connected to
the Keeper.

03

Protocol
The Keeper device runs on batteries and does not respond to the physical push of a
button until it receives a successful transaction request. Upon receiving such a request,
the device sends just one transaction response within the first minute.

CoinUs Keeper

We also use the concept of a session. If there is no communication within the first five
minutes of an initial coupling or verification being completed, the session in question
will expire and a new verification process is required. All forms of communication have
a valid two-byte session ID, which is managed by the device, and a new verification is
needed when this ID is deemed invalid.

[Picture 4] The process of sending commands

A simple docking method with the CoinUs Wallet allows the Keeper to provide portability, convenience, and more robust security, and turns the Wallet into a hybrid wallet
which offers strong security and a variety of features.

Hardware wallets carry a significant tradeoff between security and convenience, and
using a laptop as a cold wallet also has its limitations. The Keeper is an innovative alternative to these arrangements.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

In mobile environments, the Wallet can be used to view cryptocurrency assets, transaction histories, and price information only, while the device is kept in a safe location like a
cold wallet. If the user needs to make a transaction afterward, a simple connection with
the Keeper allows them to manage their assets and transfer their cryptocurrencies.

18

04

CoinVerse

4.1. CoinVerse Overview
The CoinVerse is based on a human-to-blockchain interface which is designed to build
an integrated cryptocurrency ecosystem which benefits all stakeholders. It represents
our human-focused approach, which places greater importance on user values and
experiences than on technology. It also embodies our vision to create a “human-blockchain-universe interface” Which brings together individuals across the globe into a global community.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

[Picture 5] CoinVerse Ecosystem Logical Model

19

The key components of the CoinVerse are the cross-world bridge network (CBN) and
the CoinVerse middleware, which connect Wallet users to the ecosystem. The middleware will contain protocols, APIs, and SDK modules that enable connections with a variety of services. We are exploring the best technological solutions for the CBN, including
Ethereum’s Plasma chain.
It will take a significant amount of time until a complete form of the CoinVerse is created,
but we will start with services that are implementable in the currently developed Wallet,
and then expand the infrastructure in stages in accordance with our roadmap to add
more services going forward.
During this integration process, new services That are not featured on the roadmap may
be rolled out first, and the priority on the originally planned ones could be changed as
well, depending on the market situation.

4.2. Identity Management, KYC
In most cases, KYC authentication is required to participate in ICOs or increase withdrawal limits after signing up for an overseas exchange. But this is inconvenient, and it
is a hassle to upload an ID or passport photo for KYC authentication every single time.
It is for this reason that individual users find the process very difficult or cumbersome.

04

CoinVerse

Based on the information given upon initial registration, we enable users to go through a
simplified KYC authentication for ICOs that require the same information. This is part of
Token Launcher, one of the CoinUs Wallet’s key services.
We will expand the existing module for the KYC authentication process into a blockchain-based authentication service. It will then be further upgraded to offer services for
decentralized applications that require authentication and serve as an integrated identity management module for a host of additional CoinVerse services to be integrated.

4.3. Community Commerce
Many cryptocurrencies can already be used as payment on e-commerce sites, but no
project that uses a unique incentive scheme of the crypto economy has yet been successful.
We plan to offer a community commerce service with a strong incentive structure to
encourage many communities and users to adopt the CoinUs Wallet and tokens for
e-commerce transactions so that they can contribute to the growth of the entire network.
To begin, we will sell the Keeper, our hardware security device, directly through community commerce to demonstrate the potential of this new model. We will then evaluate
and analyze the outcome of this pilot sale to create a comprehensive system so that independent sellers can offer their products and services through the CoinVerse network.

4.4. Integration with DEX
A decentralized exchange (DEX) is the most optimum form of exchange for users who
have direct control over their cryptocurrencies through a safe wallet and want to engage
in inter-cryptocurrency trading, as they can perform transactions directly through their
wallets without entrusting their cryptocurrency assets to an exchange.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

We will first push for the integration of the CoinUs Wallet with Ethereum DEXs and then
explore the viability of the connection with DEXs and Kyber networks that support 0x
protocols. The connection with EOS-based DEXs will also be pursued in stages.
The next target will be a connection with DEXs that allow transactions between different
types of cryptocurrencies through an inter-chain solution such as Cosmos and Polkadot.

20

04

CoinVerse

4.5. Instant Coin Swap
Users may have cryptocurrencies which are not registered with a DEX, or may need
to quickly exchange a small amount of registered cryptocurrencies into another type
of cryptocurrency. This is where Instant Coin Swap comes in. A desirable use case for
such transactions would be to allow users to exchange some of their assets for utility or
game tokens which are needed to access a certain application.
Services like Shapeshift already offer similar services by using APIs of centralized exchanges. The CoinUs Wallet will provide this instant cryptocurrency swap service by
connecting APIs to key centralized exchanges in Korea and the rest of the world. With
a new feature to be added, users don’t have to make a cryptocurrency swap request
manually when they want to exchange their assets for some other cryptocurrencies.
They can simply send their cryptocurrencies to the address of the target cryptocurrencies they have chosen and the system takes care of the rest. Their cryptocurrencies are
swapped automatically with the target cryptocurrencies, which are then sent back to
them.

4.6. ICO Token Launcher
The CoinUs Token Launcher simplifies and streamlines procedures involved between
users and machines (devices or servers) to ward off any potential human errors that
may take place during the course of an ICO. This paves the way for startups to grow into
innovative companies in the blockchain ecosystem and will provide wallet users with an
opportunity to make prudent investments in a safe environment. A base module for this
feature has already been integrated into the Wallet.

Through this arrangement, companies that conduct an ICO can:

Announce and promote their planned ICO immediately

Obtain KYC information verified through the CoinUs Wallet

Receive funding which is safe from hacking attacks by having an auto-generated ICO address free from forgery and fraud

CoinUs Wallet users can:

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Obtain expert-verified ICO information and participate in ICOs easily and quickly

21

Use the one-pass KYC procedure for simpler ICO investments and more robust
protection of their personal information

Make direct investments through the CoinUs Token Launcher

4.7. Airdrop Management
Not only ICO projects but also a multitude of listed cryptocurrencies conduct different
types of airdrops for marketing and promotional purposes. In conducting an airdrop,
most companies open a Telegram channel to promote their airdrops and recruit participants. They want participants to receive marketing information through this channel on a
continuing basis. With most airdrop events, however, it is impossible to know if potential
participants remain in the channel, and some even try to gain benefits by creating false
Telegram IDs or randomly creating multiple addresses, making it difficult for ICOs to
achieve the desired results.

04

CoinVerse

We have turned some innovative ideas into a system which reduces these abuses substantially, and we conducted four airdrop events with our partners through our CoinUs
Airdrop System. Project A, which targeted a global audience, saw the abuse detection
rate for its airdrops increase to 82.7%, and those of other projects were able to identify
at least 30% of their participants as abusive.

[Picture 6] Abuse detection rates for airdrops by partner

CoinUs Airdrop addresses these issues by:

Screening out of malicious participants

Monitoring cross-border or cross-regional participants

This helps reduce marketing costs by up to 40-66% and provides a new opportunity to target real participants
in marketing activities.
This also allows ICO performers to reduce costs for planning, operations, and control, and to promote their
projects to potential customers more easily to maximize the impact of their marketing activities. We will further
upgrade our Airdrop System so that users have convenient access to airdrop events through their wallets.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Checking in real time if participants are in the Telegram channel

22

04

CoinVerse

4.8. AI based Digital Asset Management
In connection with an AI-based platform, we provide membership users with a global
asset management service which guarantees low-risks and medium returns. This service consists of personalized products that fit the investment preferences and asset
composition of membership users. Product portfolios may be composed of overseas
stocks, cryptocurrencies, or both.
We will include this service in our CoinUs membership package and leverage our
CoinUs Analytics to index the block information of cryptocurrency platforms other than
Ethereum. We will also analyze big data for hidden information in order to provide membership users with exclusive information that is of premium value. For this service, we
may partner with outside entities such as TrustVerse.

4.9. Micropayment & Payment Gateway
The broad use of cryptocurrencies for online payments, which includes micropayments,
requires a system which offers low fees and fast transaction speed. Most main net cryptocurrencies do not meet these two requirements.
We will build a separate transaction network to process micropayments in a fast, cost-efficient manner. We consider Plasma Cash or Debit to be among the most promising
candidate solutions for this network. Tokens that remain on this payment network can
easily be transferred back to main nets.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

We also plan to integrate decentralized stable coins (e.g., Dai), which are pegged to the
US dollar or the Korean won, into this payment network. This will allow us to provide a
host of e-commerce sites with gateway services by using a stable coin-based payment
system. In other words, buyers can make payments with the cryptocurrency of their
choice and sellers can get paid with fiat currency-connected tokens or other tokens that
they choose.

23

5.1. Design Rationale
The survival and growth of the CoinUs Wallet and the CoinVerse depends on their underlying token economy. From our perspective, the critical issues involving its design
are as follows.

05

Token Economy

Critical Mass for a Minimum Sustainable Economy (MSE)
The operators of centralized applications take most of the value created from their networks, and decentralized applications have emerged in protest against this situation by
offering promises of greater benefits to network participants. However, few have been
successful because they lack effective strategies to secure a critical mass in the initial
phases. The first issue that our token economy should address is how the network’s
internal mechanism can sustain itself to create a minimum sustainable economy (MSE).
For an MSE to be created, the CoinVerse, our integrated ecosystem, should redirect service fees and other revenues to the reward pool to compensate those who contribute to
network growth in order to maintain and grow the network without external help. Meeting
this requirement necessitates that the number of users exceeds the critical mass and
that the value gained by users from transactions in the services provided by the network
be sufficient to promote its growth on a continual basis.

Resources for Bootstrapping Reward
An MSE requires a significant number of users and a substantial reward system. As
this reward scheme should be very aggressive in the initial stages, the CoinUs token
economy needs to be able to secure sufficient resources. It is for this reason that we
have designed BNUS tokens, which are used for reward purposes in the CoinVerse
ecosystem, along with CNUS tokens that are used for service fees and payments. The
value of BNUS tokens should be high enough to motivate participants to contribute to
the growth of the network in the initial stages but should not cause the dilution of CNUS
tokens’ value. The Bancor protocol may serve as a very efficient tool in striking this balance. The terms BNUS and CNUS will refer to both singular and plural forms of each
token depending on context.

The Stability of Utility Tokens

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

An adequate supply of CNUS, the utility tokens for the entire CoinVerse, will greatly
help the ecosystem to run smoothly and defend their market value. If this supply in the
market is out of sync with the network’s growth and gets too large or small, not only does
the CNUS’s price volatility become excessive, but also the stability of the ecosystem,
in general, could also be undermined. A systematic approach such as supply control
is needed in order to respond to dramatic changes that have a considerable negative
impact on the ecosystem.

24

05

Token Economy

A Virtuous Circle for Continued Growth  
Even after a minimum critical mass for the successful operation of the CoinVerse ecosystem is reached, network participants should be properly rewarded for their contributions so that the process of creating and redistributing value continues to spur the
growth of the network.

Preventing the Concentration of Tokens and Their Value
Long-term token holders get rewarded through the rise in prices as the network grows.
This helps to stabilize and boost token prices, which in turn contributes to network
growth. However, if this passive long-term ownership is overly rewarded, it may discourage participants who want to make an active contribution to the growth of the network.
A mechanism is needed to prevent the excessive concentration of token ownership and
the reward for active contributions should be increasingly larger than that of passive
ownership.
The above considerations form the basis of the CoinUs token economy, as explained
below.

5.2. Issuance and Characteristics of CNUS & BNUS
CNUS is a cryptocurrency which serves as a tool of economic activity, which includes payments made in the CoinUs Wallet and the CoinVerse. A total of two billion
(2,000,000,000) CNUS, or 100% of the planned issuance, have already been issued. As
described in Chapter 7 of this document, they have either already been distributed or
will be distributed. The price of CNUS is determined by the demand from buyers and the
supply from sellers on exchanges.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

On the other hand, BNUS are designed as a reward for contributions to the growth and
stability of the network. They are issued along with CNUS as a reserve in accordance
with the Bankor protocol. More specifically, BNUS are issued by sending CNUS to a
smart contract, and the number and price of BNUS is automatically set by the contract.

25

One billion (1,000,000,000) CNUS out the two billion (2,000,000,000) issued have been
assigned for network rewards and marketing purposes. They will be used as a reserve
in stages, which serves as the first mechanism for BNUS issuance. In addition, all CNUS
gathered as fees in the CoinUs Wallet and the CoinVerse are converted to BNUS before
being accumulated in the reward pool. These BNUS are then distributed as a reward for
a variety of contributions to the network.
The volume of BNUS issuance changes dynamically in line with both the growth of the
entire system and the supply and demand in the market. Since an additional issuance
of BNUS requires CNUS to be used as a reserve, a rise in the number of BNUS means
a decline in the amount of CNUS in circulation.

5.3. Bancor Price Determination Protocol for BNUS
The issuance and price of BNUS is in accordance with the Bancor protocol. BNUS are
priced by considering the CNUS reserve rate, the volume of existing BNUS, and the
reserve balance of CNUS.
(Bancor Protocol:  https://storage.googleapis.com/website-bancor/2018/04/
01ba8253-bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf)

05

Token Economy

BNUS price = CNUS reserve balance ÷ (Total BNUS issuance × CNUS reserve rate)
For example, if the CNUS reserve rate is 5%, the volume of the first BNUS issuance is
one million, and the CNUS reserve amounts to 50,000, then the starting price of BNUS
will be in parity with the price of CNUS (1 BNUS = 1 CNUS).

The table above shows the volume of BNUS tokens issued and the pricing of CNUS
tokens when CNUS tokens go in as a reserve for BNUS issuance and when BNUS are
canceled and CNUS tokens are released from the reserve. The reserve rate and the
volume of the first issuance in the table are just examples for explanation, and the actual
figures to be used will be made public before a contract which meets the Bankor protocol is issued. A portion of the first BNUS issued will also be invested in the expansion of
the CoinUs Wallet and the CoinVerse ecosystem.
Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Individual investors can pay CNUS to have BNUS issued, in which case 10% of the
CNUS tokens become fees. When they cancel their BNUS tokens and convert them
into CNUS tokens, the same percentage of CNUS tokens must be paid as fees too. Fifty
percent of these paid CNUS tokens are distributed to BNUS owners in proportion to their
holdings, while the remaining 50% are moved to the CNUS stability fund contract, which
will be explained in further detail later.

26

05

Token Economy

BNUS issuance and pricing are based on the Bancor protocol for the following reasons:

Since CNUS tokens are used as a reserve when issuing BNUS tokens, their

circulation volumes are decreased, and this prevents their prices from declining.
A billion CNUS tokens assigned for network rewards and marketing are used as

a reserve for the BNUS issuance instead of being released to the market. This
controls the direct supply of CNUSes and helps to stabilize CNUS prices. During

this reward process, BNUS prices could go up, which translates into more benefits to network contributors.

An internal automated process rather than an external market determines the
exchange rate between CNUS and BNUS. Not only is this scheme convenient,
but it also ensures transparency because it allows one to predict prices from
changes in transaction volume.

As the CoinUs network grows, the volume of fees which go to the reward pool
also rises, bringing up BNUS prices in the process. This mechanism eliminates

the need for additional reward arrangements and makes it easier to capture increases in network value, which in turn benefits long-term BNUS holders.

The volume of BNUS tokens changes automatically in accordance with network
growth, removing the need for artificial interventions to control the volume.

BNUS tokens can always be converted into CNUS tokens regardless of market

liquidity, and this is because the system itself serves as a market maker even if

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

there is no entity that wants to buy BNUS tokens.

27

5.4. CNUS Supply Control Mechanism
There are benefits to using CNUS tokens as a reserve for BNUS issuance, but there is
also a flipside: If the network grows too fast and the demand for BNUS rises dramatically, an excessive volume of CNUS tokens could be held as a reserve, leading to a lack of
CNUS which are needed for accessing services.

05

Token Economy

If, by contrast, there is a hike in demand for BNUS cancellation in order to receive CNUS
tokens, CNUS prices may drop significantly due to oversupply. This is where the CNUS
supply control mechanism comes in.

If out-of-circulation CNUS tokens which are either held as a Bancor contract reserve or staked for other purposes exceed 75% of the total issuance, additional
CNUS tokens may be issued periodically to bring the number down to 75% or

less. Actual rates will be determined before the contract launch by taking into
account the outcome of simulations.

Investors have to pay a 10% fee in CNUS when they buy or sell BNUS tokens

through the Bancor contract, and half of this fee goes to the CNUS stability fund

contract. If there is an excessive supply of CNUS tokens during a certain period,

some of the CNUS tokens in the fund will be converted into BNUS tokens to
preserve BNUS prices and discourage conversion into CNUS tokens.

5.5. How to Acquire CNUS
Users can obtain CNUS by purchasing them on an exchange, buying them from other
holders, or by the following methods:

Transactions with other CNUS holders
Users can receive CNUS tokens in exchange for providing goods and services to
other users. They can do so either by registering as a seller or provider with the
community commerce market on the CoinVerse platform or by performing direct
peer-to-peer transactions. If users choose to leverage the market, the platform may
charge sellers fees for using its marketing and payment tools.

Users pay a 10% fee for CNUS/BNUS conversion on the Bancor contract. BNUS
token holders receive these fees as a reward in proportion to their BNUS holdings.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Fees for CNUS/BNUS conversion

28

05

Token Economy

5.6. CNUS Usages
CNUSes are used in the CoinVerse for the following purposes:

A stake for creating a CoinVerse community

[Picture 7] CNUS: Wallet Network Stake

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

CNUS tokens can be used as a stake for creating a CoinVerse community. The staking volume determines the size
of the community, which is dissolved if the stake is redeemed. The limit on community size for a certain volume of
the stake does not remain the same, and it may go up or down depending on the circumstances. However, the maximum sizes allowed for existing communities cannot be reduced unless they redeem their stakes.

29

A payment tool in the CoinVerse community market
CNUS tokens may be used as a payment tool for buying products and services in
the CoinVerse. The payment feature of the CoinUs Wallet allows users to convert
other cryptocurrencies in the Wallet into CNUS tokens in real time if they are short
on CNUS tokens for payment in the CoinVerse community market.

05

Token Economy

A tool for paying marketing fees in CoinVerse communities
When marketers promote external products and services such as advertisements,
airdrops, and ICOs to CoinVerse communities, they can use CNUS tokens to pay
fees for using the CoinVerse platform. The platform redistributes these fees to CoinVerse communities and BNUS holders first.

5.7. Methods of Acquiring BNUS
Users can acquire BNUS tokens through one of the following methods:

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

[Picture 8] BNUS token flow

30

05

Token Economy

Using the CNUS/BNUS conversion contract
Users can obtain BNUS tokens by sending CNUS tokens to the CNUS-BNUS conversion contract to have BNUS tokens issued. They have to pay a 10% fee in CNUS
tokens during this process.

Contributing to network growth by creating a community team
Rewards are granted periodically from the BNUS reward pool when users create a
CoinVerse community team and either sign up new users or induce them to increase
their usage of the CoinVerse, thus contributing to the network’s growth. The amount
of reward is in proportion to the rise in contribution volume, which is measured by
such factors as the amount of CNUS tokens staked by the community team, the
team’s size, and the achievements made by the team within a given period.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

[Picture 9] BNUS reward in accordance with contributions to the network

31

5.8. Reward Balancing for Long-Term Investment and
Contribution to Network Growth
Network growth is highly likely to bring the market price of BNUS tokens up. Although
long-term holding for such price gains helps BNUS prices increase, the concentration
of BNUS tokens and the rewards from network growth in a small number of users is not
conducive to the ecosystem’s growth.

05

Token Economy

There are two approaches to addressing this issue: One is to modify the scheme of distributing rewards, which may be concentrated on dominant BNUS holders; and the other
is to prevent the concentration of BNUS ownership by making it more expensive to hold
BNUS tokens in a way that does not contribute to sustaining and growing the network.
The CoinVerse will be designed to run on a protocol which allows the concentration
of BNUS holdings only when such concentration contributes to the sustainment and
growth of the network. In other words, we will make sure that the most cost-efficient
success strategy is to contribute to a sound growth of the network, which we value most.
The following is an example of this type of design. Note that the actual design during the
implementation phase may differ from this.

Limits on Pocket Size
A Wallet network is created by CNUS tokens that users send to the network. In proportion to the percentage of their CNUS stakes, they are assigned a set of credits dubbed
“pocket size,” which are the share of the network’s contribution volume that they are
entitled to.
The pocket size determines the user’s share of the BNUS reward which is assigned to
the network by the platform and the volume of BNUS tokens that they can hold without
paying platform fees.

The pocket size is an absolute number of credits which are granted in accordance with
the contribution to network growth made by individual Wallet users who are on a network
at a given time. It is measured in terms of the number of credits. Among the BNUS tokens stored in the Wallet in question, those that exceed the pocket size are automatically
sent to the Bancor protocol and converted into CNUS tokens.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

[Picture 10] Pocket sizes and the corresponding rewards in proportion to the network stake

32

05

Token Economy

5.9.  CoinVerse Services and Reward System Examples
Airdrop & ICO Network
Airdrop or ICO marketers can use the Wallet user networks by paying fees in CNUS
tokens, while these networks are assigned airdrops and opportunities to participate in
ICOs in proportion to their sizes.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

[Picture 11] Wallet Network: Airdrop & ICO Network

33

05

Token Economy

Community Commerce Network
The CNUS Wallet Network is a payment network which is connected to exchanges.
Marketers can sell their products and services in the community commerce market of
the network by staking their CNUS tokens, while the Wallet user network is automatically
assigned discounts and incentives from the staked tokens in accordance with sales
volumes.

[Picture 12] Wallet Network: Community Commerce Network

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

34

05

Token Economy

DEX Network
CNUS is a token provided by the CoinUs Wallet, a multi-cryptocurrency wallet service,
in conjunction with decentralized exchanges (DEX). It is used to pay crypto transaction
fees between Wallet users. Users get fee discounts when they pay transaction fees with
CNUS tokens, and the Wallet user network receives a portion of such transaction fees.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

[Picture 13] Wallet Network: DEX Network

35

5.10. Actors on CoinVerse
Actor 1. Wallet Users

05

Token Economy

Through the networks which they belong to, Wallet users receive airdrops and ICOs
from other ICO projects, get discounts or paybacks on products, and pay fees for DEX
transactions and make payments for their purchases with CNUS tokens.
Wallet users who have gone through the KYC process can receive additional discounts
depending on the configuration set by the marketer or the merchant. They also have
access to a variety of CoinVerse services such as AI-based asset management and
real-time currency exchanges in small amounts, which are enabled by exchange APIs.

[Picture 14] Actor: Wallet users

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

36

05

Token Economy

Actor 2: CoinVerse Community Network Administrators
In accordance with their CNUS stakes, Wallet network administrators or teams are granted the authority to issue a UUID to other users and include those who use a UUID that
they have issued as members of their networks.
CoinVerse community network administrators or teams receive platform incentives in
BNUS tokens in accordance with the growth in the contribution volume of the community
networks they have created.
Community network administrators receive incentives in BNUS tokens for transactions
such as airdrops, ICOs, currency exchanges, and product sales which use the Wallet
networks they have created.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

[Picture 15] Actor: CoinVerse community network administrator

37

05

Token Economy

Actor 3. Marketers and Merchants
Marketers and merchants can sell their products and services on community networks
by staking a certain amount of CNUS tokens as incentives and paybacks.
They can view the outcome of their marketing activities in the form of a report, while the
staked tokens are automatically converted to BNUS tokens without incurring exchange
fees through the Bancor protocol, which is then paid to Wallet networks and their users
in accordance with the incentive and payback programs they have set.

[Picture 16] Actor: Marketers and merchants

Actor 4. BNUS Token Holders
BNUS token holders can convert their BNUS tokens into CNUS tokens by paying a
10% fee through the Bancor contract provided by the platform. In accordance with the
amount of their BNUS tokens, they receive 50% of the fees, which the platform gains
through the Bancor contract, in CNUS tokens. They have to build or acquire an account
with a pocket size that can accommodate the amount of BNUS they want to hold. If the
amount exceeds the pre-determined limit, the Bancor protocol may be triggered in order
to convert the excess BNUS token into CNUS tokens.
Human-to-Blockchain Interface

38

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

06

Road Map

39

A total of two billion (2,000,000,000) CNUS tokens will be issued, and they will be used
for marketing purposes and rewards in accordance with contributions made to the network.

07

Token Distribution

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

40

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

08

Company

41

8.1. Team

8.2. Partners

08

Company
Atomrigs Consulting, Inc.
Started by Woo Hyeon Cheong (a.k.a. Atomrigs), founder of the Seoul Ethereum
Meetup, Atomrigs Consulting Inc. has a team of experts who identify, invest in and
support innovative decentralized projects. CoinUs is the first in its project portfolio,
and the company will continue to identify and nurture blockchain projects in a variety
of areas such as education and the game of Go.

Lucidity
Lucidity is a blockchain protocol designed to deliver transparency and trust in digital advertising. Built on the Ethereum blockchain and Plasma, it addresses data
discrepancies to accelerate the billing process and facilitates payment tracking in
supply chains to provide advertisers with accurate information on their spending. In
June 2018, Lucidity beat Hashgraph to win the Blocks in San Francisco.

NEOPLY
NEOPLY is an incubation and investment program intended to provide startups with
the resources they need and offer them mentoring services. Leveraging the human
and financial assets of NEOWIZ Games, the program meets the needs of startups in
different stages of their growth and helps them navigate their way forward.

Onther Inc.
Onther Inc. specializes in developing Plasma sidechain, a scalability solution of the
Ethereum blockchain. It is committed to enhancing the usability of blockchain technology and connecting crypto economies with the real economy to make lives better
for everyone.

SouthEX is an innovative EOS-based decentralized exchange. A combination of an
on-chain smart contract and an off-chain matching engine makes it as efficient as
centralized exchanges and reduces the volume of assets entrusted to exchanges
and the duration of such entrustment, which leads to far greater efficiency and security.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

SouthEX

42

08

8.2. Partners

Company
Trebit
Trebit is an exchange committed to enhancing user convenience with quick and safe
transactions and delivering reliable services to facilitate the transaction process. It
addresses security, a pressing issue for existing exchanges, with three layers of security arrangements, and has adopted a real-time transaction monitoring system.

TrustVerse
TrustVerse is a platform based on blockchain and artificial intelligence. Its sophisticated algorithms promote asset growth in a reliable manner, and the high levels of
security and trust delivered through a blockchain system enable TrustVerse to offer
services needed in different stages of life, such as asset management and arrangements for ownership transfers, inheritance, and funerals.

UNBLOCKED BLOCK
UNBLOCKED BLOCK is a group focused on bridging the information gap in the
blockchain sector to expand the blockchain market and create a sound blockchain
ecosystem.

Cloudbric
An integrated security platform, Cloudbric is designed to make the fast-growing
blockchain industry safer by ensuring that all users have easier and more convenient
access to information security resources. It leverages artificial intelligence and deep
learning to enhance cybersecurity.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

D’Light

43

D’LIGHT is a premiere specialty law firm that remains at the forefront of representing
the companies that are engaged in cryptocurrency/blockchain technology businesses. D’LIGHT has been continuously expanding the fields of practices in blockchain
industry to help our clients with ICO (Initial Public Offering) projects and other related
legal needs so that the clients’ blockchain business including ICO projects operate
properly and comply with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements. As the pioneer and the leader of blockchain and ICO practices in Korea, D’LIGHT has successfully served various ICO projects, and D’LIGHT has partnered with renowned crypto
funds, ICO incubators and other key players in the blockchain market.

8.3. Advisors

08

Company
Brian Cheong (aka, Atomrigs)
https://www.linkedin.com/in/brian-cheong-atomrigs-6298ab145/

Brian Cheong is the founder of Seoul Ethereum meetup and CEO of Atomrigs Consulting, Inc and Acecom, Inc. Since 2014, he has focused almost exclusively on the Ethereum blockchain and decentralized application development. He has founded or assisted
in the launch of several leading online cryptocurrency and blockchain communities and
offline meetups in Korea. Within these communities, he has worked to facilitate and
inform discussions on the technical backgrounds of blockchains, the core principles of
crypto economics, smart contract programming, the socioeconomic implications of decentralized applications, and business strategies for the development and deployment
of decentralized applications.
Prior to this engagement, Brian founded ResellerBid, Inc. which developed a business
to business global e-marketplace for the computer component industry and worked as
CEO for Geogan, Inc., an e-commerce solution company.
Brian received his B.A. and M.A in communications at Seoul National University. He
subsequently conducted socio-economic research on internet and telecommunications
business during his graduate study in Telecommunications Policy at the University of
Texas at Austin.

Michael Zhang
https://www.linkedin.com/in/%EC%A4%91%ED%98%81-%EC%9E%A5-3083a347/

Michael Zhang is a co-founder of Atomrigs Consulting Inc.
He is chief crypto economist of Atomrigs Consulting and iBloc, a crypto economy consulting division of Infobank Corp. He is a specialist on crypto economy design and engineering.
Before Crypto, he has worked 20 years on internet security and new business development for IT and Telecommunication. And he has founded several startups on mobile
payment, multimedia search engine, and mobile Q&A service.
He studied Electronics and majored in Management Science, KAIST, Korea and received an M.A. in Science & Technology Studies from Seoul National University, Korea.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

44

08

8.3. Advisors

Company
Hyuncheol Hwang, Ph.D
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hyuncheolhwang/

Dr. Hwang is a well-known expert in the field of quantitative finance and financial technology over 20 years. Currently, he is a CEO of Neutrino Investment Management LLC/
Neutrino Technologies LLC and also serves as a president of KFTA (Korea Finance
& Technology Association) in New York. He had been in leading financial institutions
such as Citigroup NYC and Allianz Global Investors, and also in academia as a professor, from Kyungwon University and Rutgers University, USA.  He had managed over
billion-dollar funds along with high-frequency trading such as market making and has
conducted many consulting projects from government and leading financial institutions
such as FSS (Financial Supervisory Services) in Korea, Citigroup, Korea Development
Bank, Korea Exchange Bank, etc. Recently, he is interested in building an innovative
financial platform for both fiat and crypto-currencies, using advanced technology such
as blockchain and AI. He holds a doctoral degree in applied mathematics from State
Univ. of New York at Stony Brook, USA.

Kyoungil Bae, Ph.D
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyoungil-bae-229b247/

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Kyoungil Bae is a co-founder of Atomrigs Consulting Inc. and leads KAIST blockchain
meetup. He has more than 20 years of experience on investment and business growth
consulting. He started his career in financial engineering areas, especially treasury system design and risk management.
Thereafter, he led growths initiatives on several businesses and investment projects including business turnaround, cross-border M&A, and large-scale real estate valuation.
Recently, he has focused on investment and advisory services for technology start-ups
in ABCD (AI, Blockchain, Cloud, Data).
He worked for PwC Consulting, IBM, KOD asset management, POSCO Capital and
received a B.A. in mathematics and a Ph.D. degree in Management Engineering from
KAIST, Korea.

45

8.3. Advisors

08

Company
John Lee
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ehanjoo/

John Lee is a co-founder & EVP of Corporate Development and Strategy of Hostway.
He serves additional responsibilities as CEO of Hostway India. John and his fellow
co-founders bootstrapped Hostway into a top 5 web hosting company in the world with
over 700 employees.
Hostway is a multinational web hosting company headquartered in Chicago and serves
more than 600,000 customers worldwide. He is currently responsible for overall corporate strategy, strategic alliances, and mergers and acquisitions.
Previously, he has held positions in every department of the company, including leading
global marketing and sales and overall P&L for North America. Mr. Lee was born and
raised in Korea and immigrated to the United States at age 13. He holds a BA in Biology
from the University of Chicago.

Sam Kim
https://www.linkedin.com/in/samjkim/

Sam Kim is CEO of Lucidity which is a powerful blockchain protocol that provides transparency and authenticity for digital advertising analytics. Lucidity was recently named
Blockchain Startup of 2018 at the Block Awards. After graduating from Columbia University, Sam worked at an incubator which taught him the foundational analytical and strategic planning skills that go into launching a business. When that company was acquired,
he moved to Vietnam for the World Bank to learn about operating global businesses.
He later started Edgepoint Group, a firm that traded Vietnamese commodities in the
U.S. market. Sam later founded mobile ad company, The Mobile Majority (now Gimbal)
and ESDF Management, a video game production and finance fund. While starting and
running companies, Sam squeezed in getting an MBA from the University of Chicago.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

46

08

8.3. Advisors

Company
Jeff Kahng
https://www.linkedin.com/in/%ED%99%8D%EC%84%9D-%EA%B0%95-041a71b2/

Jeff Kahng is a co-founder and chief financial officer of Zapple Inc., an ad tech startup,
responsible for financial planning and analysis, corporate development, and operational
performance. Before joining Zapple, Jeff Kahng worked as Credit Suisse’s Asian Equities Research Group and held various roles in both Seoul and Hong Kong covering TMT
sector in Asia as a co-head of NJA Telecom team and Coordinator of Asian Internet sector. He also worked as a senior executive at KT Corp.’s Finance Office. He holds MBA in
Finance and Strategy from The Wharton School at University of Pennsylvania and BA in
Business Administration from Korea University.

Ted Han
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ted-han-3a793615/

Ted Han is a Project Lead at Kakao Corp., Korea’s #1 SNS platform. Ted joined Kakao in
2012 as the 11th employee and has led various projects including “PlusFriends” – a B2C
social biz partner service, B2B messaging service, mobile e-commerce, mobile game
platform, and music services. Prior to Kakao, Ted worked as Team Lead at SK Communications. He holds MS in Industrial Design from Hongik University and BA in Fine Arts
from Inchon National University.

Michael K Jeoung
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-kiook-jeoung-0a15a010/

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Michael K Jeoung is Co-Founder & CEO of TrustVerse, a wealth management platform
with an integrated digital estate planning protocol. Michael has 15 years of experience in
high-tech business and go-to-market strategy development at various global MNCs, international organizations, public sector & startups. Michael’s previous work experience
includes Cisco, OECD Executive Directorate ITN, and Ministry of Land & Transportation.
Michael received MBA from the University of Chicago, Booth School of Business and BA
from Handong University.

47

8.3. Advisors

08

Company

Jun Yeong Jang
https://www.linkedin.com/in/준영-장-542a6a134

Jang Jun Yeong is a leader and a CEO of LiveTutoring project, which provides a
decentralized peer-to-peer learning platform. Jang Jun Yeong is a specialist in media
contents business such as video and music and has rich experience and skills in
planning and nurturing entrepreneurship, startups, launching various services and
improving sub-services. He was the Head of Business at SK Communications and
was responsible for the music streaming service, the largest traffic in the world at that
time, and led the early opening of a video service Hoppin at SK Telecom. Since then,
he also served as a CPO and a CSO at Genie music, releasing services in the music
market based on his know-how of media content services he acquired. Jang Jun
Yeong completed his master’s degree in Computer Science, AI and Ph.D. Candidate
in Management Engineering at KAIST.

Patrick Kim
https://www.linkedin.com/in/%ED%98%95%EC%9A%B0-%EA%B9%80-0880b467/

Founder & CEO at Sentinel Protocol
Cisco, Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet, F5 Networks, Darktrace

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

48

This document is available for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer for sale or
any form of general solicitation or general advertising of interests in an investment vehicle managed
directly or indirectly by or its officers/partners. Except as otherwise indicated, this Memorandum reflects
events and conditions existing as of the date hereof. Neither the delivery of this Memorandum nor any
sale made in connection with this Memorandum shall, under any circumstances, create an implication
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Company after the date hereof. While the materials
furnished to prospective investors include certain statements, estimates and projections of the Company with respect to the potential future performance of the Company, there can be no assurance that
the Company’s actual performance will meet these estimates and projections. The actual performance
of the Company may be significantly and materially different from the estimates and projections, and
the Company and its management make no representations herein or otherwise as to the Company’s
actual performance. Further, the assumptions upon which such statements, estimates and projections
by management are based may prove    to be incorrect. Such assumptions are inherently subject to
significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company and
its management.

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

49

Human-to-Blockchain Interface

Copyright © 2018 Quad Cresco Pte. Ltd.
All Right Reserved.

