Decentralized Crypto Token
Whitepaper

Content
1. Introduction
2. Supply and Contribution
3. Airdrops and Rewards Program
4. Procedure of Development
4.1 Step 1, Launch
4.2 Step 2, Integrate
4.3 Step 3, Get Strength
4.4 Step 4, Recover and Continue
4.5 Step 5, Growth Q2 / Q3 of 2020

5. Targets and Times
5.1 Exchange Listings
5.2 A Stable Decentralized Untraceable Secure Cryptocurrency
5.3 Developing a Secure Blockchain
5.4 Payments with our Cryptocurrency via Debit Card
5.5 One Secret Target

6. Roadmap
7. Terms and Conditions

1. Introduction
Decentralized Crypto Token (DCTO) is a decentralized open source cryptocurrency that is
based on the Ethereum Blockchain.
Smart Contract Address: 0x9ccbd05d4d25c745d49f5e6bf17e09113eb4c769
For the first 3 years we will perform as an ERC-20 token with the main priority of listing with high
volume, quality exchanges.
Long term goals include building and migrating to our own blockchain with high privacy and
untraceable transactions. The swap plan will be a 1:1 token to coin migration.
After migration, we will make our currency available for payments via a revolutionary
cryptocurrency debit card.
Along with the debit card, there will be a second major task that will be in development. This will
be announced in the Roadmap update in Q2 of 2020.

2. Supply and Contribution
Total Supply: 6,300,000,000 DCTO

Decentralized Crypto Token Distribution

Exchange Listings

Airdrops and Rewards Program

Reserves, Blockchain Development

Marketing

Development

Team

Reserves

30% Exchange Listings
1,890,000,000 DCTO

Calculated over 2.5 years

Listing fees, prioritizing quality exchanges.
Within 2.5 years, we should reach most major exchanges.

8% Airdrops and Rewards Programs
Calculated over 4 years

504,000,000 DCTO

Monthly airdrops of 1,000,000 DCTO in increments of 500-1000 tokens per person.
Reserves for special airdrops. 132,000,000 DCTO. (Exchanges, Voting, and Specials).
Rewards Program. 324,000,000 DCTO in monthly increments of 6,750,000 DCTO.

16% Reserves and Blockchain Development
Target of 3 years

1,008,000,000 DCTO
Blockchain development for secure, private and untraceable payments.
1:1 token to coin exchange.
Develop partnerships to allow secure payments via DCTO debit card.

14% Marketing
882,000,000 DCTO

Calculated over 4 years

Marketing over various platforms including social media and online blogs and forums.

10% Development
630,000,000 DCTO
Development of all project needs outside of the new blockchain.

Calculated over 2.5 years

12% Team
756,000,000 DCTO

Calculated over 4 years

Payments to team members based on their workmanship, experience, throughput and
dedication to the project.

10% Reserves
630,000,000 DCTO

As needed

Additional airdrops as needed depending on the size and strength of the community.

3. Airdrops and Rewards Program
Our airdrops will be at regular intervals, the announcements can be found in our chats and on
social media.
Initially, new community members at our chat will get a welcome present of 1000 DCTO per
person one-time.
Requirements to participate in these airdrops are to join our Telegram chat and send one of our
admins your Ethereum wallet address and a link to a legit Twitter or Facebook account that
shows that you follow us on Social Media.
The community rewards are rewards for active community members, we came up with
something for everybody. Telegram chat, social media and YouTube rewards.

Telegram Chat Rewards
We will choose 20 active members each month whom of which will receive a small bonus
airdrop.

Twitter Community Rewards

Twitter rewards will be dropped to the most active followers. Depending on likes, comments and
retweets. This we be chosen randomly at our discretion.

YouTube Rewards Program
Make a video about our project and send the link to one of our Telegram group admins.
We will reward every video over 2 minutes within 48 hours.

Other Rules for Professional YouTuber
Your videos have to be at least 10 minutes long and we will be rewarded depending on quality,
views and subscribers of your channel.
Ratings and rewards will be sent 1 week after publication.

4. Procedure of Development
4.1 Step 1, Launch
• Community Building
• Airdrops
• Presale
• Listing at one Decentralized Exchange
• Listing at first Centralized Exchange
4.2 Step 2, Integrate
• Apply to CoinMarketCap at the end of 2018 or at least in beginning of Q1 2019
• SEO, Advanced Marketing and Community Building
• Airdrops
• 2 more Exchanges, till the end of Q1 2019
4.3 Step 3, Get Strength
• Community Management
• Medium sized Exchanges
• Partnerships
• Events
• Expand the Team
4.4 Step 4, Recover and Continue

•
•
•

Increase the Community
Larger Exchange
Birthday Airdrop to all Holders

4.5 Step 5, Growth Q2 / Q3 2020
• Update Roadmap 2021 - 2023
• Marketing
• Announcement and updates to Project Targets
• Airdrops and Rewards
• Exchange Listings
• Update Procedure of Development

5. Targets and Times
5.1 Exchanges
Most exchanges that we pursue should come together within 2 – 2.5 years. These will include
some high-volume larger exchanges.
We are seeking quality exchange services with whom we feel comfortable working together.

5.2 A Stable Decentralized Untraceable Secure Cryptocurrency
To create a good decentralized cryptocurrency requires a lot of time, tokens must be distributed
slowly and be in circulation for a long time to prevent price manipulation from whales.
All together it will take 4 years to make it to 85% decentralized. After 5 years, 90% will be in
circulation, after 6 years it will be at 93%.

5.3 Developing a Secure Blockchain
Developing a new secure blockchain in mid 2020 will also require time, expenses and additional
staff.
E-Commerce integration is also a part of the project, we plan to use reserves and also
marketing funds for these partnerships.
Once our coin is ready, holders can change their tokens 1 to 1 to our new coins. We plan to
launch our coin after 3 years.

5.4 Payments with our Cryptocurrency via Debit Card
After the migration to the new blockchain, DCTO will begin to research the design and
development of a crypto based debit card.
Laws are not clear throughout the world currently and the market needs positive regulation in
this field.
The future will show us which company does the best work. Then we will look for a partnership
in this direction. Target is within 4 years.

6. Roadmap
The roadmap begins with Q4 of 2018 and will include the initial airdrops, launch of DCTO
website, the token presale and the listing on the preliminary exchanges.

Terms and Conditions
GENERAL INFORMATION
Decentralized Crypto Token does not have the legal qualification of a security, DCTO token are not shares and do not give any
rights to participate to general meetings of the team. To own tokens does not give any rights to dividends or interests. The team will
continue their work as it is planned. The sale of Decentralized Crypto Token (DCTO) is final and non-refundable.
Decentralized Crypto Token is a long-term project and will be centralized in the first years. To create a non-manipulated
decentralized cryptocurrency needs time and a solid trusted team. Team members will receive regular intervals of small rewards for
participation in the project. Our community manager is voluntary. Team members are from across the globe. Countries represented
include Germany, Switzerland, Spain and Saudi Arabia. The company will be registered in the United Kingdom in Q4 of 2018.
Registration will be updated soon.

KNOWELDGE REQUIRED
Cryptocurrency’s are speculative investments and as persons which invest you should be an adult and also respect the laws of your
resident country. The purchaser of Decentralized Crypto Token undertakes that he or she understands and has significant
experience with cryptocurrency’s, blockchain systems and services. And that he or she fully understands the risks associated with
cryptocurrencies, including storage.
Decentralized Crypto Token is not responsible for any loss of DCTO tokens or situations that make it impossible to access the
storage or exchange where users store their token. Holders are required to take care of their token by themselves. Decentralized
Crypto Token is not responsible for any action or omission of the user or any person undertaking the acquisition of DCTO tokens as
well as in the case of computer breaches. You alone are responsible for your computer security and the storage of your tokens.
RISKS
Acquiring cryptocurrencies and storing them involves various risks, in particular the risk that Decentralized Crypto Token may not be
able to launch the planed operations, develop its own blockchain or to provide the promised services. Therefore and prior to
acquiring DCTO tokens any individual should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits of acquiring Decentralized Crypto
Token and, if necessary, obtain any independent advice in this regard.
Any interested person which is not in the position to accept or understand the risks of the activity or any other risks as indicated in
their terms and conditions should not acquire DCTO tokens. This includes also the things that have nothing to do with the
development of Decentralized Crypto Token.
Laws can change, strong regulations could come. The future is unknown, please stay safe and protect yourself.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER
Our website and whitepaper should not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an investment. It does not constitute
or relate in any way or should be considered as an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. Our whitepaper does not include or
contain any information or indication that might be considered as a recommendation or that might be used as a basis for any
investment decision.
The offering of Decentralized Crypto Token on trading platforms does not change the legal qualification of the tokens, which remains
a simple meaning, DCTO is not a security or share. We are not considered as any advice in legal, shares, tax or financial matters.
Any information on the website and whitepaper is provided for general information purposes only and Decentralized Crypto Token
does not provide any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. Decentralized Crypto Token is not a
financial intermediary according to some laws in some countries and is not required to obtain any authorization for the anti-money
laundering purposes. Acquiring DCTO shall not grant any right or influence over Decentralized Crypto Tokens organization and
governance to the purchasers. Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated to
cryptocurrencies in the world. In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or actions may impact DCTO business and even
limit or prevent it from developing operations in the future.
Any person acquiring Decentralized Crypto Token must be aware of the DCTO business model, the whitepaper or terms and
conditions may change or need to be updated because of new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws in
any jurisdictions. In such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking to acquire DCTO tokens acknowledge and understand that

neither Decentralized Crypto Token or any of its advisers shall be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage caused by
such changes. Anyone undertaking to acquire Decentralized Crypto Token acknowledges and understands that DCTO does not
provide any guarantee that it will manage to achieve it. They acknowledge and understand therefore that DCTO (including its
bodies) assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would result from or relate to the incapacity to use
Decentralized Crypto Tokens, except in case of intentional misconduct or gross negligence.

REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES
By participating the purchaser agrees to the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they:
•

HAVE READ CAREFULLY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE WHITE PAPER; AGREE TO THEIR
FULL CONTENTS AND ACCEPT TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THEM.

•

ARE AUTHORIZED AND HAVE FULL POWER TO PURCHASE DECENTRALIZED CRYPTO TOKEN ACCORDING TO
THE LAWS THAT APPLY IN THEIR JURISDICTION OF DOMICILE.

•

LIVE IN A JURISDICTION WHICH ALLOWS DECENTRALIZED CRYPTO TOKEN TO SELL DECENTRALIZED
CRYPTO TOKEN WITHOUT REQUIRING ANY LOCAL AUTHORIZATION.

•

ARE FAMILIAR WITH ALL RELATED REGULATIONS IN THE SPECIFIC JURISDICTION IN WHICH THEY ARE BASED
AND THAT PURCHASING CRYPTOGRAPHIC COINS IN THAT JURISDICTION IS NOT PROHIBITED, RESTRICTED
OR SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND.

•

WILL NOT USE DECENTRALIZED CRYPTO TOKEN FOR ANY ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO MONEY LAUNDERING AND THE FINANCING OF TERRORISM.

•

HAVE SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE ABOUT THE NATURE OF THE CRYPTOGRAPHIC COINS AND HAVE
SIGNIFICANT EXPERIENCE WITH, AND FUNCTIONAL UNDERSTANDING OF, THE USAGE AND INTRICACIES OF
DEALING WITH CRYPTOGRAPHIC COINS AND CURRENCIES AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED SYSTEMS AND
SERVICES.

•

PURCHASE DECENTRALIZED CRYPTO TOKEN BECAUSE THEY WISH TO HAVE ACCESS TO THE
DECENTRALIZED CRYPTO TOKEN PLATFORM.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained on the website and in the whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the
public and oral statements that may be made by DCTO or their respective directors, advisers, executive officers, employees or
volunteers acting on behalf of Decentralized Crypto Token, that are no statements of historical fact, constitute "forward-looking
statements".
Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as
“AIM”, “TARGET”, “ANTICIPATE”, “BELIEVE”, “COULD”, “ESTIMATE”, “EXPECT”, “IF”, “INTEND”, “MAY”, “PLAN”, “POSSIBLE”,
“PROBABLE”, “PROJECT”, “SHOULD”, “WOULD”, “WILL” or other similar terms.
However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding DCTO
financial position, business strategies, plans, prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Decentralized Crypto Token is
in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to DCTO revenue
and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters that are not historic facts, but only
predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual
future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors
include, amongst others:
1. Changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions and the regulatory environment in the
country’s in Decentralized Crypto Token conducts its respective operations.

2. The risk, that DCTO may be unable or execute or implement their respective strategies and future plans.
3. Changes in the interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies.
4. Changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Decentralized Crypto Token Project.
5. Changes in the availability and fees payable to DCTO in connection with their respective business and operations.
6. Changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by DCTO to operate their respective businesses and
operations.
7. Changes in preferences of participants of Decentralized Crypto Token.
8. Changes in the future capital needs of DCTO Project and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs.
9. War or acts of international domestic terrorism.
10. Occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect operations of DCTO.
11. Other factors beyond the control of DCTO.
12. Any risk and uncertainties associated with Decentral Crypto Token and the businesses and operations, including the tokens.

