DROPIL
WHITE PAPER

Dropil

dropil.com

Introduction
Helping investors net the highest returns, with the lowest risk, requiring the
minimum effort, in an easy to use suite with intuitive reporting, defines the heart of our
mission. Harnessing the unique capabilities inherent to cryptocurrency, we are able to
bundle numerous additional financial and security benefits with this service, all while
making it low friction and easily accessible to the masses. This was the dream, Dropil is
the answer.
Investing in cryptocurrency doesn’t have to be confusing and time consuming.
Dropil’s smart trading robot, “Dex,” does all the heavy lifting for you, while our expertly
managed portfolio balancing algorithm manages risk, and our proprietary DROP tokens
ensure privacy while also offering added value and exclusivity for our customers.

History
The relatively recent emergence of cryptocurrency has given birth to a
worldwide financial paradigm shift closing in on a trillion-dollar market cap. Dropil was
formed to put the benefits of cryptocurrency investing within the reach of everybody.
Innovative products in the cryptocurrency space have been nearly as rapid and
impressive as the currencies themselves, and as such, thousands of solutions exist for a
myriad of problems. When building the functionality and services of Dropil, it was
crucial that we combined solutions to a number of pressing issues into a single turnkey
platform that offers multiple benefits to users, avoiding the need for someone to be
involved with, and monitor multiple products to meet these same ends. The Dropil
interface and all related services will always keep customer experience and ease of use
as a priority. This white paper is intended for those seeking a more in depth look under
the hood of what makes Dropil work and as such goes into more detail than the average
1

Dropil

dropil.com

customer may need. It is also assumed at this juncture that most people who will view
this white paper have a solid base understanding of cryptocurrency and initial coin
offerings (ICO) and as such the technical and historical background of those will be
skipped.

Dex
A key aspect of the Dropil services is the automated smart trading robot
platform, internally and externally referred to as Dex. This platform is not a single bot
or strategy, but rather a carefully curated and tested set of automated bots – all
designed and programmed 100% in house. None of the logic or strategies designed and
used by Dex have ever been sold or given to anyone outside Dropil. The strength of the
platform does not lay with a single strategy promising ‘too good to be true’ returns that
will make instant billionaires out of anyone, no such program exists. The strength of Dex
is rather a system that allows very safe, strong net returns, with minimum user
oversight. Dex supports running different modes which are a combination of logic
optimized for specific tasks. Each mode contains a set of multiple strategies at its
disposal and will automatically and autonomously switch to the most efficient strategy
in reaction to market changes. The dynamic modes of the individual instances operate
independently of each other with no cross communication; however, all performance is
recorded in a central repository for continued analysis of all trading.
For every mode there is a large diversification of instances of Dex are running at
once, each instance trading only one pair, on one exchange, and on one account at a
time. The number of instances running varies based upon a number of critera, the
minimum is 70 and the maximum is 280. As stated each instance is independent,
however multiple numbers of instances, structures, and logics are always running and
the direction of this overall strategy is also set via automation. Certain aspects of the

2

Dropil

dropil.com

group logic are constantly monitored and managed by human oversight to ensure the
best possible overall portfolio performance and diversification.
There are comprehensive security measures overseeing the safety of Dex and
the trading carried out by the bot. There are automatic and manual protections in place
for, but not limited to, API issues, connectivity, exchange, and operating system issues.

DROP Tokens
The coin created and offered by Dropil will be the DROP token, and will be an
ERC20 protocol standard coin. ERC20 was chosen to ensure the upmost compatibility to
form, and quickly execute partnerships with both exchanges, and other companies
down the road as this project continues to seek out ways to offer value added features
to its users and the community as a whole. It has been designed with 18 decimal places
to comply with the encouraged but not compulsatory standard for ERC20 tokens.
The DROP token creation will be hard capped at 30 billion coins, this amount of
coins reflects strategic calculations to support, first and foremost, the ideal scale of the
trading platform where it performs optimally in respect to volume of managed assets.
This ensures that the scale of managed capital always remains within the optimal ratio
relative to overall market cap to continue producing quoted returns to users. The
amount of tokens also included calculations to achieve the dispersal to what we
consider an ideal sized user base, allowing for the coins to be traded at exchanges and
kept in circulation with an initial value that would promote wide spread and adoption of
the token. The low cost of entry along with the necessity of the coin to participate in
the features of Dropil and Dex is intended to first drive large user base implementation
while also maintaining initial and expanding demand for the token.

3

Dropil

dropil.com

ICO

There is a chance for the total number of DROPs to be reduced. All coins allotted
for the ICO (initial coin offering), 15 billion total, that are not sold during the ICO will be
burned and thus removed permanently from the total available supply. 35% of the total
supply will be owned by Dropil in the company wallet, which will be used for future
project capital as well as distribution to team. The remaining 15% of tokens will be in a
separate vault wallet to act as reserves insuring ability to instantly provide liquidity to all
requested client withdraws.
The ICO price will be approximately $0.005 USD per DROP coin, however, the ICO
will accept only cryptocurrency with all transactions being done via Coinpayments. The
transaction fee for all purchases will be covered by Dropil and not effecting the amount
of DROPs distributed to participants. Following the completion and closing of the ICO,
there will be an audit period. During this time, all purchases and balances of DROP
tokens in Dropil hosted wallets will be reconciled and checked for accuracy. It is
following the completion of this audit period that any remaining token, if any exist, will
be burned, permanently deducting them from the total supply.
While users will be able to view their DROP token balance in their Dropil hosted
wallet shortly after purchase, all tokens remain locked in wallets until the completion of
the above mentioned audit period. The next step will be the dispersion period.
Dispersion of ICO purchased DROP tokens works as follows; the Dropil hosted wallets
will go live for use by the wallet owner at the start of this phase. Once the wallets are
live, users can leave the DROP tokens in their hosted wallet, send to Dex within the
system for investment, or withdrawn to MEW (My Ethereum Wallet), MetaMask, or any
.exe wallet that supports ERC20 protocol. As exchanges begin to accept DROP tokens all
users will be notified.
4

Dropil

dropil.com

Who Can Benefit From Dropil?
1. Those seeking stable, high payout investments with minimal
maintenance/residual revenue generation.
2. Those who want to combine the benefits of algorithm trading with the benefits
of holding (Hodl) a coin that increases in value into a single product.
3. Those that want the benefits of a heavily diversified cryptocurrency portfolio
with the low maintenance of a single coin.
4. Those who want protection from the current air of volatility surrounding crypto
currency exchanges and the coins themselves.
5. Those who want to invest in the blooming crypto market, but do not have:
a. Large investable capital: there are a number of issues preventing the
entrance of investors with low initial capital from taking place in the
market such as the $25k USD minimum often required to day trade,
the $10k limit proposed for many crypto exchanges, up to the private
advisor whose clients must typically invest a minimum of $1MM.
b. Basic trading knowledge: while a majority of the population would like to
earn additional income, they don’t have a basic understanding of trading
in general, and even fewer the particulars of the Cryptocurrency markets.
Without at least a basic understanding, the odds are heavily against being
able to earn profit or even break even.
c. Advanced trading knowledge: even with advanced TA, charting, and
trading strategy training, the traditional success rate for those entering
the field of day trading varies based on source, but is agreed to be under
a 5% success rate. This is not because profit cannot be generated from

5

Dropil

dropil.com
trading, but often caused by human factors that Dex is immune to such as
loss aversion, over confidence, and over trading.
d. Time to constantly monitor markets: unlike traditional commodities and
assets, the cryptocurrency market trades around the clock and around
the globe – so does Dex.
e. A risk threshold for trading or even hodling: risk has always been a key
determining factor in all investment and trading plans. The risk of trading
any assets near top of the spectrum like cryptocurrencies, even high to
the point where buying and holding for a long period (hodling) poses risk
above the threshold of many investors.

6. Those who do have advanced trading skills, time, and capital and wants to hedge
their crypto investment portfolio with a low maintenance and safe assets.
7. Those who want to invest by hodling but wants to also add a steady earning
revenue stream to their portfolio.
8. Those who want to maintain their privacy in investments.
9. Those who do not wish to partake in robo investing that still want to support and
benefit from this growing sector of the market via holding the token used as an
integral mechanism of the operation.
10. Those who want to setup investments for the benefit of another, such as a first
start investment for their children.

Utilizing Dex and DROPs
All transaction into and out of the Dex system requires the use of DROP tokens
exclusively, to maintain a number of beneficial features of the infrastructure. The first
opportunity for people to own DROPs will be by participating in the Dropil ICO.
Following the completion of the ICO they will only be available via trading or exchanges
in the near future. There are plans in the future to offer buying, selling, and trading
6

Dropil

dropil.com

directly via the user portal including support for fiat. There will initially be eight
Cryptocurrency coins (outlined in the image below) accepted to purchase DROPs. As it
is a concern to many participants of the crypto space, mandating the use of DROPs for
all in and out operations, as well as support for accepting privacy centric coins in the ICO
phase, enables those who are inclined to protect their anonymity provided they take the
pertinent steps to do so.

Initial DROP purchase support for

Logic
Dex alone is able to ensure impressive returns utilizing smart bot learning trading
and a number of proven bot trading strategies. Through substantial testing, we have
developed a number of bots that perform to the utmost efficiency in their respective
market conditions. This does not mean simply running logic against back data and using
an optimizer for all possible variable values in the code of the bot. This would, without a
doubt, return less than stellar results going forward in live trading, high scale,
environments. This has become commonplace in the crypto space with bots showing
too good to be true results on back data, only to flop in live exchange trading.

7

Dropil

dropil.com

All logic was designed and tweaked to return the best possible combination of
characteristics past simply the largest paper return. Another common downfall of bot
design is allowing it to make many small trades, anywhere from 10,000 to 800,000
trades per month on a single coin which on back test data may show a great return. In
live trading, this volume of trades will net a loss when slippage, fees, volume, and scale
are present. Better data will always allow for better results – another major downside
of back data testing is the quality of the data itself. Historical data often shows prices
based on time intervals such as 1 minute or 5 minutes which leaves a lot of true trades
missing from the testing.
During initial design we spent considerable time gathering long reaching, full
executed order data which allows for the consideration of every trade made. This is
only a small factor used in the development of our logic sets. The real benefit comes
from our live exchange trading data for each once of Dex’s strategies. As stated above,
great algo-trading is only a piece of what makes Dex such a robust automated approach.
Each logic method belongs to a larger set, and this set is monitored by another layer of
automation that monitors the market, and based upon that, is able to swap the logic
autonomously to the one that will best perform according to our set risk to reward ratio.
This logic spans a number of tried and true indicators, to completely proprietary and
developed indicators by the Dex developers. Rest assured that all actions taken by Dex
notify our team in real time of every move. This includes every position taken, logic
swapped, returns netted, market being monitored and more. This is done in able to
ensure that everything runs smoothly.
The versatility of smart learning, logic, and quick swapping automation allow Dex
to make returns in any market condition, making it an ideal invest tool. Dex’s trading
abilities are truly amazing, but there are still further investment protecting strategy used
by Dropil to mitigate risk and allow upside possibilities. Each risk mode of Dex works
with certain predefined currencies and exchanges. The makeup of each group was
cultivated to include as much diversification as possible, matching currencies that

8

Dropil

dropil.com

historically track separate each other, this hedging allows Dex to lock in profitable
trades on some assets while others may not be performing. There is further
diversification for each mode across a number of trading exchanges to ensure
protection from volatility, technical, legal, or political issues that any one exchange may
experience.
Dex uses a pooling approach for each mode, this means that all users of a like
mode, or risk type, contribute to, and receive returns, from that mode’s pool. This
allows a massive advantage to all traders, especially in regards to safety of returns.
With the pooling model there is sufficient capital to allow maximum diversification, no
need to wait for a particular position to open or close to net profit, and no need for the
use of margin, eliminating liquidation danger and lending costs. This strategy also
allows for the hedging of not only currencies, but also positions, as described above; of
course, only when all preset safety criteria is met.

Wallets
Once the user portal is setup and the user has logged in, there will be a unique
“User DROP Wallet” displayed. This wallet is personal and designed solely for the
function of sending and storing DROP tokens within the Dropil user portal. It can accept
deposits of DROP from any wallet or exchange and can likewise send back to either.
Additionally, it can send a deposit of DROPs to the user’s “Dex Investment Wallet.” In
order to access the functions of the Dex investment bot, the amount of DROPs that the
user wishes to invest into Dex must be sent to the “Dex Investment Wallet.” This wallet
invests 100% of the available wallet funds placed into it in the investment bot operating
at the mode selected by the user during setup.
When a user wants to transfer DROPs into the Dex Investment System (DIS) they
must do so by funding the DIS via a deposit to their “Dex Investment Wallet” which
should only be made from that user’s “User DROP Wallet.” Any funds in a user’s “User
9

Dropil

dropil.com

DROP Wallet” will remain there dormant unless acted on by the user, however, all funds
placed in the user’s “Dex Investment Wallet” will be automatically invested as soon as
they are received in this wallet. The auto investment operation is triggered on the
backend when the deposit is initially sent to the “Dex Investment Wallet” from the
“User DROP Wallet.” If the funds to the “Dex Investment Wallet” are sent from any
other wallet, such as an exchange or offline wallet, the automatic invest will not occur.
In the event of this mistakenly happening, a support ticket can be opened to remedy the
situation.

10

Dropil

dropil.com

Returns
The user portal will walk the user through initial account setup, during this step
the user will be able to set a risk level that Dex will use to manage their investments
going forward. If at a later date user wants to change their risk setting they are able to
do so from within the user portal. The change in strategy will go into effect during the
next payout cycle. Users can only set one risk strategy per user account; however,
nothing prohibits a separate user account from being created with a different risk
strategy making it easy to diversify holdings to a user’s liking across multiple accounts
with multiple wallet balances.
This risk factor heavily influences the strategy that will be utilized by Dex to
support the investment. The user interface was designed to be simple, clean, and easy
to interact with; however, the underlying investment strategy is a robust combination of
automated smart algo-trading and managed diversification aimed to perform and net
the highest returns within the constraints of a given risk tolerance.

The following returns are the estimated standard for each respective mode: Safe
mode will average an annual time weighted return of 24-45% of the principal, Moderate
moves the returns estimate to 39-63%. Finally, Aggressive Mode will return 57-83% the
principal funding. These numbers are arrived at via substantial testing and averaging of
actual returns from live trading bots, these figures should not be assumed as best

11

Dropil

dropil.com

possible outcome or uncommon, these are the baseline standards that can be
reasonably expected.
The above stated returns are time weighted over a one year for ease of
estimation for the average user, however Dex has proven to be very stable in returns
and a monthly percentage or return is easily estimated as follows for those who prefer
that metric; Safe Mode 2-3% - Moderate Mode 3-4% - Aggressive Mode 4-5% monthly
returns.
The current returns a user has made are displayed live time in their Dex
Investment Wallet located in the Dex Investment Tab of their user portal. Principal
amount, which is also able to be user manipulated at any point, returns netted, and
total wallet value are all displayed live time here.
There is never a hold on any principal deposits within Dropil. Any principal
DROPs may be withdrawn or deposited at any point without penalty. Any amount of
DROPs placed into the Dex Investment Wallet, and thus by default invested by Dex will
generate returns. In order to withdraw or reinvest these returns, the principal that was
used to create them must stay invested for a minimum of 15 days. This applies only to
generated returns, the principal never has a hold on it and may be withdrawn at any
time. All new investment amounts are automatically subjected to their own 15-day
clock solely for that amount. New investments will not restart the clock for any amount
already matured. Auto reinvested funds are exempt from the clock entirely.

12

Dropil

dropil.com

All returns are paid to the user in DROP tokens, which serves a number of
purposes which includes clear advantages for the user. DROPs may be withdrawn from
the Dex Investment Wallet (DIW) or User Portal Wallet to any supporting wallet outside
the Dropil environment including user owned wallets or directly to exchanges that
accept DROPs. From exchanges or via Peer to Peer (p2p), users may sell/trade drops for
any currency they wish. Requiring DROPs for all in and out operations of Dex and
related services ensures future demand for the DROP token so that users and

13

Dropil

dropil.com

hodlers can be sure of its appreciation in value over time. This appreciation in value also
offers further gains to those investors beyond the above stated expected returns.

Affiliate
During the ICO launch phase there will be additional incentive for users to help
spread Dropil. Following the ICO there will be no more affiliate program, it will be
closed the same day as the ICO with all affiliate rewards being credited to user wallets at
that time. Following sign up from within the User Portal, an affiliate link can be
generated on the “Affiliates” page to be emailed or shared with others. For every user
account created from this affiliate link, the sender will be credited with 5% the total
purchase of any or their referrals, which will be added to their DROPs wallet balance.

See You Soon
Dropil believes in the bright future of Crypto as both a form of currency and a
wide reaching technical industry and related services. We envision democratizing
investments, allowing all levels of capital and experience access to reliable and
impressive gains with easy to manage risk. Ease of setup, minimal to no maintenance,
and clear reporting backed by top level security were all elements that we knew were
necessary to make the lowest barrier to entrance and the highest level of adoption for
the Dropil platform. Please join us for our ICO and product launch.

14

