WHITEPAPER

Contents
1. Project properties

3

2. Stages of creation

4

2.1 Creation of the node

4

2.1.1 Creation of required models
2.1.2 Creation of transactions mechanism
2.1.3 Creation of data storing model
2.1.4 Storage of transactions sequence
2.1.5 Creation of a system for block receiving and verification
2.1.6 Creation of a system for PoS tickets storage
2.1.7 Creation of PoS raffle
2.1.8 Creation of event for choosing a winner for dependent nodes
2.1.9 Registration of dependent nodes from public Р (read-only)
2.1.10 Automatic validation of dependent nodes
2. 2 API creation

12

2.2.1 Creation of API to receive the general information from
blockchain
2.2.2 Creation of API for transaction sending
2.2.3 Creation of API for receiving of balance of an address
3. Market Analysis

1

15

3.1 Analysis of competitors
3.2 Analysis of potential users
3.3 Calculation of the price of the token based on global statistics
3.4 Prospects of the industry
3.4 Analysis of risks
4. Allocation of collected funds

25

5. Usage of the token

28

6. Brief description of the panels

31

7. The example of the energy exchange system operation principle

32

8. Our products

34

8.1 Wallet
8.2 Block explorer
8.3 Telegram bot
8.4 Wiki

2

15
20
20
22
23

34
37
38
39

9. Roadmap

40

10. GitHub

41

11. Team

42

1. Project properties
Are you an owner of a solar battery and you’re forced to sell your energy
to a power plant at a low price? Or are you a business owner and forced to
buy at a higher price? Our platform is designed to solve this problem with the
help of revolutionary technology Proof-of-stake.
Two hundred years after the invention of electricity humanity still continues to
confront the global problems related to it: in many countries, electricity is
excessively expensive but what is worse is that millions of people around the
world still don't have access to this vital resource.
Our platform can solve both of these problems. First of all, we will be able to
provide an opportunity to trade electricity between people around the world,
overcoming millions of miles while creating a price, which will be fair and
same for all the world's inhabitants.
Where there is no electricity, we will introduce our patented new generation
solar panel technology which takes up much less space and is cheaper to
purchase.
Based on Proof-of-stake technology, our platform is much more efficient in
terms of energy consumption, unlike Bitcoin and Ethereum, which require
huge power costs to maintain efficiency.
Hundreds of billions of dollars are invested annually in electricity but they are
not able to solve the tasks set. It's time to introduce the latest technology in
this field. The investment in our project is the investment in the future of
mankind.

3

2. E2C blockchain creation
2.1 Creation of the node
2.1.1 Creation of required models
To create blockchain you need to describe models of all objects that the
blockchain will deal with. The following objects belong to this group: block,
transaction, address, ticket, event.
New models, not described in TA, can be added if needed. But all of the ones
stated above must be present.

Block must contain the list of transactions, a hash of previous block and a
verification signature.
Transaction must contain information about funds transfer: a transaction
hash, where from, where to, total, a list of used addresses and a verification
signature.
Address must contain information about all changes so that it is possible to
receive a correct balance and check the ability to conduct transfer.

4

Information about transfers will be stored in a list and will have such fields: id,
address of the recipient, total, id of a parent transaction.
Ticket must contain information about participant: amount of coins, address
of the participant.
Event is a technical model required to correct communication between
nodes. It must contain information about the type of notification, message,
source (who sends it), code and list of technical details needed to process
the message.
Output transaction is a model that allows quick calculation of address
balance and conduct payments in the network without the need to go through
all transactions of the address every time.

public class Transaction {
private final String hash;
private final byte[] from;
private final byte[] to;
private final double amount;
private byte[] signature;
private final long timestamp;
private final List<String> inputs;
private final List<TransactionOutput>
outputs;

5

2.1.2 Creation of transactions mechanism
Transactions are objects that form blocks, they are the main term of
blockchain. Thanks to transaction it is possible to conduct funds transfer from
one address to another.
Transaction can be created using public of dependent node. To create a
transaction the node needs to check whether there are enough funds in all
UTXO that belong to the current address to send a transaction and pay
commission fee. If there is enough, a new object of transaction is created (to
make the calculations simpler all the previous TransactionOutput objects are
deleted and instead 2 new objects are created: delivery of funds by the
recipient and returning of the change to the sender. Right after they are
created signature is generated using a private key of the node (address).
Generated and signed transaction can be broadcasted across the network.

2.1.3 Creation of data storing model
An important question when creating blockchain is the effectiveness of
data storage to have access to the history and ability to quickly verify the
needed information. Lots of data (for example actual UTXO of addresses) will
be copied to the hard drive and RAM as they need to be accessed quickly.

6

For other kinds of data, it is important to find a way to store them efficiently
and for a cheap price so that it is possible to access the information that is
needed.
To solve this problem clustering is used. It allows quick access to any
information within the cluster no matter how compactly it is stored. To
maximize efficiency the following model of clustering is offered: a cluster of
address which contains all the information about the address transactions.
For a faster search, this information can be separated into smaller clusters –
by blocks.
Within a block cluster, compressed information about the participation of the
address in the block will be stored. Besides this, there will be a general block
cluster that will contain information in a compressed form about the block.
This item is needed for active change and addition during traffic testing, so
the interface of data storage can be easily changed.

public static Path getFirstFileByRegexp(String
directoryPath, String regexp){
try {
Iterator<Path> iterator =
Files.newDirectoryStream(Path.of(directoryPath),
regexp).iterator();
return iterator.hasNext()?iterator.next():null;
}catch (Exception e){
return null;
}
}

7

2.1.4 Storage of transactions sequence
The sequence of transactions is stored in a block and is verified when the
block is created. If there is an error in the sequence of transactions, the
transaction gets automatically removed from the block and deleted as invalid.
Authors of invalid transactions can be penalised if needed which can be as
much as withdrawing their node from participation in the blockchain.
Block hash is created based on all transactions that are involved in the
creation of the block.
Example of contents of the block:
818a3cfb570623059559497ea7c845ba165fa486440e3e05982b98b97bcb11c
4
a4c4e0a940ca996851c98836bdc14d09d2f92fd6f3ab96bc5eba3a12ef61055d,
478efba5cb699500b6f805c4c8b1dda3c579ee8d9d6b31e300ff1bec76e4979f,
7424e3fff925e2f58a6e2589b82d21267c0cc65c55c40bda5b0c2417001fc4c6,
where first item is a hash of the previous block, second item – transactions
that were added to the current block.

2.1.5 Creation of a system for block receiving and
verification
Receiving (storing) of block happens right after the verification. To do
this, a node that receives the block generates its signature for this block
including the last block that it knows about, and, in this way, it verifies if it
belongs to the current blockchain and if it is correct. It can be done thanks to
the presence of signature generation for the block of previous block hash in
the algorithm. As a result, only blocks with correct data will be added to the
blockchain. After the block is received, transactions that were added to the
block will be deleted from the pool of pending transactions.

8

2.1.6 Creation of a system for PoS tickets storage
In PoS system the complicity of block creation is significantly easier than
in PoW and a mechanism is needed to prohibit the creation of the blocks
right after the first transaction is received and monopolising block creation by
improving bandwidth for a faster broadcast. To solve this problem, there will
be strict time limits as to when the block is formed and the node that can
create it and receive a reward will be chosen randomly.
To synchronise the participants and to eliminate the possibility of choosing
different winners in every node there is a stable algorithm, that is based on
the parameters that are calculated within the blockchain. New nodes will be
able to participate in block generation only after one iteration after the
broadcast is over to make sure all nodes have received a new participant to
choose a winner.

2.1.7 Creation of PoS raffle
The raffle happens every once in a chosen period of time if at least one
transaction is pending in the pool. If there are no transactions in the pool, the
current iteration is skipped, and the block is not formed.
Only nodes that were registered before the raffle starts can take part in it.
After this, the list of participants is generated by adding all existing nodes to
a new list in amounts that depend on the weight coefficients of the node.
Weight coefficients can be the number of coins, time of coins holding etc.

9

After the list is formed, it is sorted in ascending order. A winner is chosen
randomly from the sorted list. The seed of the random number generated is
the height of the current block and some other constant parameters.

2.1.8 Creation of event for choosing a winner for
dependent nodes
Right after the raffle, the winner must generate a new block and broadcast
it. After that, a new session starts. This is done by using a system of events
that shares a block among all nodes and if the author of the block is a winner
of the last raffle, the node accepts its block. If by the start of the next winner
raffle the node has not received a new block, it tries to receive it from a
different node. If no nodes have a new block, the block is created
independently for each node. If there is no winner, the reward will not be sent
to any of the nodes.

10

2.1.9 Registration of dependent nodes from public Р
(read-only)
To have an opportunity to participate in raffles, receiving additional events
and block generation (private functions), a node has to send a request for
registration as a participant and a fully functioning node. To do this, a request
is sent to any other node to start a full synchronisation and work and
information about this is broadcasted to the rest of the network. After that, a
new node waits for the end of the current raffle session and can participate
starting from the next one raffle.

public class Event {
private long timestamp;
private int type;
private String message;
private String sender;
private Object additionalData;

2.1.10 Automatic validation of dependent nodes
To avoid situations of dead nodes when a registered node is turned off
and never participates in the raffle/event receiving, once in n minute the main
node conducts a “poll” on the activity (ping) of the dependent nodes. If the
node does not respond correctly, it is removed from the list of dependent
nodes.

11

After this, all the other nodes receive an event about the removal of a
dead node.

2.2 API creation
2.2.1 Creation of API to receive general information
from blockchain
Each node will have its own API to receive information about the
blockchain state, blocks, transactions and account balance. Main methods
are accessible on the public node:
!
!
!

Receive block by height/hash
Receive transaction by hash
Receive account balance

All these features will be implemented through a request to a full
(synchronised) node if the current node is in the mode of minimum
configurations. In this case the node cannot create its own transactions,
wallets (addresses), or take part in raffle. If the node is registered in the
network and synchronised, all of these requests will send data received from
the information that is stored on the current node.

12

{
"amount": 10,
"signature":
"304502200D934AB07B667ECD6176B504CBC0C2127A41F7D
CE662933B16FB658DE1B254E3022100DB127A45EB53C18E0
D0ADE76147CBCA453C5F671DDF91992B911B0B34FA6A757"
,
"pending": false,
"from": "33D89780025196A35282A1823488546CC1FFB30E",
"to": "DE1E16E4A1405ED4E0AFBD2A73BFDA88097252A7",
"hash":
"a4c4e0a940ca996851c98836bdc14d09d2f92fd6f3ab96bc5eba3
a12ef61055d",
"timestamp": 1548775640383
}
Example of fetching transaction request.

2.2.2 Creation of API for transaction sending
Sending of transaction can be conducted only on a fully synchronised
node. This is because this operation requires a pool of pending transactions
and connections with other nodes. The request must include the address of
the recipient and of the sender, which the node has access to. The third
parameter, which is the last one, is the amount that needs to be transferred.
In case when there is no access to the sender`s address, a response with
message about error will be sent.
The system will behave the same when there are not enough funds on the
balance of the sender`s account. But if the request is successful, transaction
is added to the pool of sent transactions, all UTXO of the user are updated
and the hash of the newly created transaction is sent as a response.

13

When the next block is generated, this transaction will be included in it and
distributed across the network.

REQUEST:
{
"from":"33D89780025196A35282A1823488546CC1FFB30E",
"to":"DE1E16E4A1405ED4E0AFBD2A73BFDA88097252A7",
"amount": 10
}
RESPONSE:
{
"txHash":
"a4c4e0a940ca996851c98836bdc14d09d2f92fd6f3ab96bc5eba3
a12ef61055d"
}

2.2.3 Creation of API for receiving of balance of an address
To receive balance of the address it is only needed to enter account
address as a parameter. After that all UTXO connected to this address will be
calculated including validation whether the corresponding transactions were
added to the block. After that, the user receives information about the
balance and how many of them are confirmed/unconfirmed.

NODE_ADDRESS/balance?address=DE1E16E4A1405ED4E0A
FBD2A73BFDA88097252A7
Fetching balance request example

14

3. Market Analysis
3.1 Analysis of competitors
Our platform uses similar but fundamentally different means for achieving
this goal. Here is a comparative description of our platform with several
others.

15

Criteria

E2C

WePower

PowerLedger

RestartEnerg

Licensed
energy provider

yes

no

no

yes

The ability to raise
funds for an energy
producer

yes

yes

no

yes

Blockchain-based
smart-contract
token

yes

yes

yes

yes

The possibility to
use token to pay
for electricity

yes

yes

yes

yes

A business
ecosystem that
provides jobs

yes

no

no

yes

P2P trading

yes

yes

yes

yes

16

Criteria

E2C

WePower

PowerLedger

RestartEnerg

The possibility
to freeze
purchased
energy

yes

no

no

no

Energy
statistics

yes

no

no

no

Solutions to the
problem of total
lack of energy

yes

no

no

no

Failure protection
mechanism

yes

no

no

no

The ability to
receive free tokens

yes

no

no

no

Price
notification

yes

no

no

no

Constant contact
with our users

yes

no

no

no

Convenient
telegram-bot

yes

no

no

no

None of the competitors can solve the problem of a total lack of energy
in any part of the world. But we are able to provide a solution with the help of
our patented new generation solar panel technology.
Moreover, our goal is the world market. It will not be enough for us to settle in
several countries. We are committed to our goal and will do everything
possible to realize it.

More details about some of
our advantages:

17

Proof-of-stake technology.

Energy statistics.

Due to a significant reduction in
the amount of electricity
consumed, fee for transfers will
be significantly lower than in
Bitcoin or Ethereum
blockchain.

We will be able to provide
anonymous statistics on all
transactions for any time as
well as forecasted supply /
demand, which will allow you to
independently analyze the
market and make a decision on
investing in our tokens.

The possibility to freeze
purchased energy.

Failure protection
mechanism.

A unique opportunity that is
available only in our service.
When you want to buy a certain
amount of energy now and use
it later. We offer to keep your
energy for a low fee in tokens
until you need it.

After the successful purchase
of the order, we freeze seller’s
energy and buyer's tokens
exactly until a full confirmation
of the fact that the energy was
received by the buyer, which
guarantees 100% security of
the transactions.

The ability to trade in automatic mode.
In just a few minutes you will be able to set up your personal bot which
will search for orders on the given parameters and by the specified
quantity. Built-in automatic trades relieves the service load by
eliminating the need for third-party programs that carry a negative load
on the platform.

18

The ability to receive free
tokens.

Telegram bot.

This feature of our system is
related to Proof-of-stake
technology. To confirm the
block, the system selects the
holder's token in a random
order, giving preference to the
one who has more of them and
awards him with a certain
number of tokens specified in
the smart contract.

We will provide you with a
telegram bot which will have
the complete functionality to
work with our platform. If you
already use this popular
messenger, then you don’t
need to install anything else.
You can communicate on the
network and trade or use other
features at the same time.

Price notification.
To save time, we give the option to set up notifications if the price for
energy has reached the level you specified. There will be notifications
via email, web, and telegram.

Current price = Desired price- Delta

19

3.2 Analysis of potential users
Our potential users are people who already consume or produce energy.
For example, owners of private enterprises which consume electricity or
owners of solar panels. These people usually don’t have much choice when
buying electricity and are forced to accept the terms and prices of power
plants. They cannot disagree even with clearly excessive prices since they
don’t have an alternative choice.
With the help of our platform, these people will be able to sell and buy
electricity on more favorable terms which will allow them to significantly
increase profit from selling their own energy and save money when buying it.
This all will be possible due to E2C token which can be freely traded and
exchanged for energy using our platform. Our token can overcome
geographical and temporal barriers which positively affects the efficiency and
profitability of its use.
Also, various ways to manage the token (convenient site, mobile, desktop
application) will make it easier to simplify this process and save time. And
blockchain peer-to-peer technology ensures the decentralization, security,
and anonymity of using our token.

3.3 Calculation of the price of the token based on global
statistics
On the basis of global energy statistics, we expect electricity to cost 0.08
$ for 1kW.
The estimated initial number of users of our platform is 7 million people.
On average, one solar panel produces about 10 kW of energy per day.

20

The average volume from one seller per day is also equal to 10kW, with their
number of 30% of all users, the daily turnover of tokens from the sale is:

DV = UA * PP * AT * TP
Where DV is the daily turnover,
UA is the average number of users of the system,
PP is the percentage of energy producers,
AT is the average tariff per kW of energy on the market,
TP is the price of the token

At the same time, it is expected that 20% of all tokens
will be on cold storage.

The planned initial cost of the token is equal to average price for 1 kW in the
world -> 0.08 $; to calculate the real value of the token, the impact of a lower
daily income at the start of the platform, an increased number of tokens at
the start, etc should be taken into account. Therefore to calculate the token
price, we use the following formula:

21

TP = (EP - 5%) * DD* TH
Where TP is the expected price of the token at the start,
EP is the expected price of the token, 5% is the impact of the
dump when entering the market,
DD is the difference between starting price and expected price,
TH is the impact of the increased number of token holders.

On the basis of all above-mentioned factors, we get a price
of 0.02 $ per token.
In view of the above, total emission is 971,550,999 Е2С.
This is the optimal amount based on the project transition to the POS
algorithm because it provides a full covering of market needs and energetic
sphere.

3.4 Prospects of the industry
Modern society constantly depends on the energy and contribute
impressive funds to this field annually. Amount of investments increases
every year as well. Prospects of this industry are almost infinite since
humanity will always aim at new and more efficient electricity solutions.
The maximum growth is expected in the wind power field where annual
investments will be $140 billion in 2020 and %206 billion in 2030 as
compared to $82 billion in last year. On the second place, there is the solar
energy sphere where a significant decrease in expenses will cause a 20-time
increase of established power within 20 years – in comparison with 51 GW in
2010, there will be 1,137 GW in 2030.
According to the experts, such increase will need $130 billion of investments
per year.

22

In the bioenergy field, there will also be a burst of activity as far as secondgeneration technologies commerce. Annual investments in biofuel and getting
energy from biomass and waste will increase from $14 billion in 2010 to $80
billion in 2020 and then will be stable during the next decade.
Of course, we can provide you with even more proofs but we are sure that
potential of the industry is obvious. As far as the energy industry is
developed, our platform is developed, too, which ensures huge prospects of
growth for it.
That’s why we think that the implementation of our own energy token will be
in a huge demand since the project community has enough time to
implement all system and take the market share.

3.5 Analysis of risks
The first and the main risk will occur if people don't need energy anymore,
which is very hard to imagine. After many years of technical progress,
nobody will abandon the current amenities. That’s why this hypothetical risk
can be ruled out.
Problems connected with blockchain. Even if we imagine that such a reliable,
time- proven system will fail, our platform will save its functionality in any
case. We will be able to buy outdated tokens for alternative currency and
introduce another payment system in the platform without real efforts.
Absence of necessity to use our platform. This is possible only if the price for
energy will be roughly the same in all countries. For that to happen, it is
necessary to invent a cheap way of energy transferring at big distances,
which is impossible at the moment.

23

Risks of centralization

Regulatory risks

To avoid the situation where
the project fully depends on the
team, we project and develop
all systems in such way that
they can save maximum
separateness. And API of the
project will allow external
developers to make
applications and extensions
regardless of the team.

Since the cryptocurrency field
is not fully formed and in most
countries, there are no rules for
its regulation, we make many
efforts so our modules meet
rules of international law.
That’s why before using our
platform in different regions, we
begin cooperation with regional
lawyers to study the regulatory
structure of the specific region.

There were main risks which could call the existence of our platform into
question. However, as you can see, some of them are just impossible now
and some of them can be overcome by us.

24

4. Allocation of collected funds

We present an incomplete list of expenses that need to be covered for the
platform performance.
Staff salary
First of all, people who personally create our platform, applications
which will interact with it and configure the blockchain technology:
-

25

Managers of modular projects
Web developers
Blockchain developers
Mobile application developers
Desktop application developers
Database architecture designer
System administrator
System architect
Systems analyst
Designers
Frontend developers
Testers
Web security professionals

Those, thanks to whom the whole world will know about us:
- SEO specialists
- PR manager

Our representatives at various thematic events:
-Merchandiser
-Bloggers on social networks
-Video bloggers
-Advertisers
-Promoters of Instagram, FaceBook, Twitter.

Those who determine our development path:
- Company managers
- Specialists in strategic promotion
- Content managers
- Analysts
- Energy specialists
- Traders
- Consultants
- Diplomats for negotiations with companies

General Staff:
-

26

Interpreters
Rewriters, copywriters
Support
Secretaries
Press manager

Other expenses:
-

27

Domains
Servers
Hosting
Web protection
SSL connection
Software
Global analysis and statistics
External API
External backup services
Office and staff
Office equipment
Google Adwords, Facebook Ads
Google Play, App Store

5. Usage of the token

Our token was created with the help of Proof-of-stake based smart contract.
This means that confirming a transaction block does not require huge
electricity costs (as, for example, Ethereum or Bitcoin blockchain). Each
token-holder will have a certain small number of tokens, which can’t be
spent. If it is necessary to confirm the block, the system will randomly select
a token-holder for validation. The more tokens on the balance, the better the
chances to get block rewards.
The direct purpose of the token is, of course, selling and buying energy from
other platform participants around the world. On our platform, you can set the
amount of energy (kW) you want to buy / sell and the price in tokens. In this
case, a fee of 1% in tokens of the amount of deal will be charged for using
the platform.
In addition, the token provides a number of other important functions for the
operation of our platform, namely:

28

! When placing an order to buy / sell energy, a certain number of
tokens will be frozen until it is executed. This ensures automatic fee
charging by the system.

order

platform

user
tokens

frozen tokens

! To provide quality support, each ticket (except the first one) to the
support will freeze a small number of tokens until the ticket is closed. This
provides protection from abuse when contacting support service and ensures
fast support for each user.
! In case of an abusive number of orders set per day, the system will
take frozen tokens for the canceled order as a way to counteract the
intentional platform load.
! With enough number of tokens, the buyer will be able to conclude a
contract with the seller with a fixed price for tokens to 1 kW. After the contract
is concluded, the specified number of tokens will be frozen for the period
mentioned in the contract. The seller's energy will be frozen similarly. This is
necessary if the buyer wants to receive a certain amount of electricity not
immediately but after a while.

29

! Tokens of participants are stored on personal wallets to which they
can access through the system only. To transfer funds to another wallet, the
user must pay a fee, which will be charged from the balance of the user's
tokens, to the blockchain. With a high load on the block, it will be possible to
withdraw funds faster with a higher commission.
withdrawal
of funds

system

user

user's
personal
wallet

wallet

commissio
n

token
holder

The token will be available for purchase / sale on various crypto exchanges
for many other monetary units, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, USD. Anyone can
buy our token, exchanged it for another currency.
As our platform expands to the world market, we expect that government
agencies will use our token to improve efficiency, which will make the token
more widespread and will positively affect the competitiveness of energy
prices.

30

6. Brief description of the panels
Unfortunately, even such progressive technology as the solar panel has
its problems. However, our patented technology is aimed to solve them!
Large area of occupied space. To produce a large amount of energy, much
space is needed. Our technology will allow making panel size smaller, not
losing efficiency coefficient of work due to improved solar cell technology,
which will be described below.
The efficiency of usual solar panels significantly decreases in cloudy weather.
However, this problem can be partially solved with the help of polycrystalline
solar panels. We use this approach to improve the efficiency of solar panels.
One more problem we solved is a gradual settling of dust on solar cells,
which decreases the efficiency coefficient. The system of automatic cleaning,
which we are going to patent, will allow us to avoid cyclical loss of solar
efficiency and decrease the frequency of maintenance service of energy
system elements.
Our technology is aimed to improve solar cells, thus ensuring the efficiency
of our panel in both sunny and cloudy weather.

31

7. The example of the energy
exchange system operation
principle
The operation principle of our system is quite simple. Let’s assume in
country A, the owner of the solar panel has put up a certain amount of
electricity for sale. In country B, the owner of an enterprise wanted to buy this
amount of electricity for the cost in tokens. It would be irrational to directly
transport energy from country A to B. The buyer from country B will actually
receive energy that was previously sold by another platform user located in
his region.

What will happen to the energy of user A? It will not leave a certain region (it
depends on the installed power grids) and will wait for a buyer in the same
region. Thus, users can buy / sell energy to each other, being in different
parts of the world. And there is no need to transport energy through huge
distances.
We store information about the current amount of energy on each region in
the database.

32

Can the supply greatly exceed demand? This situation is possible only at
the initial stages of the platform and will eventually be eliminated. Since the
electricity of the producers is used by a certain consumer in this region now,
the demand / supply will be saved when they both begin to use our platform.
A similar situation will happen with a high demand regarding supply.

33

8.Our products
8.1 Wallet
Web wallet allows users to maintain their balance using user-friendly and
fast interface. You will not need any additional software or hardware, just
create or import an address and then access it using specified credentials.
If you want to erase your private key from web wallet due to specific reason,
you always can simply delete an account and then nobody but you will have
access to your address.
Wallet components
Main Page:
Statistic data (number of registered users, number of tokens in
the system, number of transaction in/out of the wallets etc.)
Promotional material on wallet usage
List of links of last transactions
Authorisation page:
Authorisation form (address, password, “Remember me”
checkbox, “Sign in” button)
Registration link
“Access recovery” link

34

Registration page:
Registration form (email, password, confirm password,
subscribe to news, “Register” button)
Authorisation page link
Password recovery link
Password recovery page:
Password recovery form (Contact email, crypto address, text
field “Prove your ownership”, “Send request” button)
Error message in the case of discrepancy between email
address and crypto address
Text information about the format of access recovery
Reset password page:
New password field (new password, confirmation, “Change”
button)
Personal cabinet page:
Current balance, personal address with ability to copy, last
transactions from.to personal wallet.
The following modules need to be present on the page (modal
window, frames, fragments) to have such functionality: funds
sending, full history of transactions, settings

35

“Funds sending” module contains the following fields: text field
for the address, number field for the amount. Information field
displays the service fee and the average time for confirmation.
“Send” button. After the successful transaction a notification
about successful operation appears with a button that takes the
user to the “full history” page.

“Full history” module contains a list of the wallet transactions
(10 last transactions are displayed, when the scroll reaches the
end – “Load 10 more” button). Each item of the list has a time
stamp and the amount, colored according to the type of
transaction (in or out). When a user chooses transaction,
additional information appear that contains the recipient,
sender, transaction hash, number of confirmations.

“Settings” module contains a log of last authorisations (device,
IP address, time), list of active sessions(device, IP address,
time of session start, session expiration time), email change
form.

Support page:
Form for contacting the support service (email address field,
issue description, field for screenshot, “Send” button)
Text description of support service with email address for
contacting

36

8.5 Blockchain explorer
Our block-explorer interface allows users to get information about any
block or transaction in real time. It also can show different statistic data, i.e.
amount of mined blocks, last block timestamp etc. Block-explorer also has an
API, which allows using data in various self-created applications.
Blockchain explorer components
Main page:
Statistic data (last block, current height, average amount of
transactions in a block etc.)
Field for transaction search by hash
Field for block search by hash/height
Field for address search
List of last blocks and transactions
Promo information about token (optional)
Transaction page:
Transaction hash
Link to the web version
Sender
Recipient

37

Service fee size
Number of confirmations
Transaction size
Block page:
Block hash
Time stamp
Depth
List of hash-links included in the transaction block
Address page:
Address
Current balance
List of links of last transactions

8.3 Telegram bot
Telegram bot is a useful feature that requires minimal set up and allows
getting notifications and managing your account even faster. By following the
instruction in a web wallet, you can link account with telegram and choose
preferred properties. After that, notifications will start being delivered to your
telegram account and simple commands (like fetching history) will become
available.

38

8.4 Wikipedia
We also have a wiki for developers to simplify the development process. It
contains all needed information about exposed API and configuration process
of the new node. By creating a wiki-style documentation we are trying to keep
it as simple as possible but at the same time as informative as it could be.

39

9.Roadmap

2018

Concept. Teambuilding.

Launch of the website.

Landing, WhitePaper,
preparation of a set of
documents.

Development of marketing
strategy
and marketing campaign.

Development and deploy of
E2C token
on the basis of Proof-ofstake platform.

Private Sale

End of work on blockchain

Explorer block launch

Wallet launch

Mobile wallet launch

Telegram bot launch

Creation of the video
presentation of the project

40

10. GitHub
The development of the project is closely connected with the
development of its own smart contract, web version of the trading platform,
mobile and desktop applications. All these decisions require the collective
work of a group of programmers. To create a comfortable working
environment, the version control system is used. It allows simultaneous joint
development of application source code, automatically combining different
versions of projects and saving all changes in the cloud.
One of the most popular implementations of version control systems is
GitHub. It provides a convenient interface for a variety of functions, including
external development, a broad community, commenting projects, rating,
requests for new functionality, bug reporting, documentation and more.
Thus, this tool is one of the most attractive to use.
GitHub has 2 types of repositories - open and closed. The first is available
for any user on the Internet. Their code is allowed to read, use (under the
terms of the corresponding license), modifications, etc. Closed repositories
are not available from outside and are used if the project has data
necessary to hide from users, or whose source code is prohibited for
dissemination.

41

During the creation of the project, the public GitHub repository will be
used, as it will allow monitoring the development of the project to all comers,
offering new functionality and much more. To hide unwanted data (such as
passwords, unique identifiers, etc.), appropriate exceptions to the rules for
saving and synchronizing projects in the cloud will be used. Such exceptions
are described in a file called .gitignore. It consists of a list of strings - regular
expressions which point to files ignored by the version control system. Thus,
a compromise is achieved between the publicity of the project for tracking
and the privacy of the project data sections. The example of the .gitignore
file is shown below.

42

11. Team

Mohammed Jamil
Chief executive officer

Andrey Mosyagin
Senior Software engineer

Victoria Shevchuk
Strategic Partnerships Manager

Mohammed Dezayi
Chief financial officer

43

Karina Apukhina
Community & Marketing manager

Arsenii Iefymenko
Energy systems specialist

Anastasia Maschenko
Sales Manager

Alexandr Nadvirnyak
Blockchain Expert

Tatiana Sakach
PR Manager

44

Dmytro Komchuk
Business development

Аdvisor

Vasyl Budko
Energy systems specialist

45

