1 - Background

3

2 - Taiwan (Formosa): The Switzerland of Asia

3

3 - The Bank Embargo Against Crypto

4

4 - The Market Gap: Financial Services for Crypto Companies

6

5 - Digital First Banking Meets Blockchain

7

6 - Target Customers, Phases, & Governance

9

6.1 - Two Phase Approach for Services Rollout

10

6.2 - Formosa Financial Management Structure

12

6.2.1 - Board Governance
7 - Key Service Offerings

12
13

7.1 - Security

13

7.2 - Treasury Management

14

7.3 - Payment Services

17

7.4 - XDRc: Synthetic Reserve Asset

18

7.4.1 - XDRc as Access-Privileged Special Drawing Rights

19

7.4.2 - XDRc Deposit/Withdrawal Mechanics

20

8 - FMF Token
8.1 - Token Mechanics
8.1.1 - Access via Proof-of-Membership
9 - Token Distribution

23
23
23
25

9.1 - Token Sale Details

26

9.2 - Use of Funds Distribution

26

10 – Roadmap
10.1 - Go-To-Market Plan

27
28

11 - Team

29

12 - Advisors

33

13 - Disclaimers

40

* This White Paper is subject to change at any time without notification. It describes the current plan and vision for Formosa
Financial platform. While we intend to attempt to realize this vision, please recognize that it is dependent on a number of factors
and subject to a wide range of risks. We do not guarantee, represent or warrant any of the statements in the White Paper, because
they are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can be no assurance due to various
anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. Please know that we seek to achieve the vision laid out in the white paper and
website, but that you cannot rely on any of it coming true. Blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects of our technology and
these markets are in their infancy and will be subject to many challenges, competition and a changing environment.

2

1 - Background
Distributed ledger technologies such as blockchain hold the potential to create an open, globally
accessible, and transparent financial ecosystem. Massive efficiencies and innovations can be
unleashed by migrating transactions from a centralized hub-and-spoke model controlled by
third-party intermediaries to a peer-to-peer system. While many financial institutions and tech
companies are working diligently to establish this new architecture, major problems regarding
scalability, ease of use, and access to these new systems remain.
While multiple projects pursue decentralized solutions to the pressing issues surrounding volatility,
liquidity, and speed, the rate of adoption within the broader financial world will continue to
significantly lag behind the pace of innovation. The reality is that we need a middle ground
between the full-scale decentralization envisioned by early bitcoiners and the tightly controlled
networks managed by financial institutions and their regulators. By offering a suite of traditional
financial services that are integrated with blockchain-powered applications we can construct a
banking platform that serves the needs of forward-looking businesses that still need to operate
within the confines of legacy systems.

2 - Taiwan (Formosa): The Switzerland of Asia
Ilha Formosa​, meaning “beautiful island”, is the name that Portuguese explorers gave to the misty,
forested outpost when they discovered it in 1542. Although hundreds of years later this island has
come to be known as Taiwan, the same spirit of adventure and frontiersmanship lives on in its
modern history.
As a territory positioned squarely between the poles of the world’s two major superpowers (China
and the United States), Taiwan enjoys the rare privilege of maintaining autonomy without being
subject to restrictions imposed by international legal frameworks and conventions. Although
Taiwan is home to the world’s 22nd largest economy in terms of nominal gross domestic product,
1
it is not a member of the United Nations. Hardware manufacturing and design titans such as
Foxconn, TSMC, and Acer are headquartered in Taiwan to tap into a rich pipeline of engineering
talent and robust capital markets. This degree of independence and neutrality has allowed Taiwan
to become an innovation hub in technology and finance.
In an effort to further burnish this legacy, industry leaders, regulators, and politicians are
collaborating on a set of economic development initiatives to stimulate the next wave of growth.
On December 29, 2017 Taiwanese legislators passed the A
​ ct on Financial Technology Innovations
1

​IMF data

3

2

and Experiments​ into law . Under the regulatory sandbox created by the Act (“Taiwan Fintech
Sandbox”), firms are eligible to bypass burdensome regulations and licensing requirements that
fintech companies would typically be subject to. This initiative will enable innovative startups to
offer financial services for up to three years without a banking license, giving Taiwan claim to
3
hosting the world’s longest incubation sandbox period for fintech companies.
Taiwan Fintech Sandbox, alongside the government’s open-mindedness towards blockchain
technology makes Taiwan the natural destination to establish the world’s first financial services
company for crypto-innovators - a new kind of institution that provides the essential services of
traditional banking alongside innovative applications underpinned by distributed ledger
4
technologies.
Formosa Financial intends to submit an application to participate in the Taiwan Fintech Sandbox
with a proposal to offer selective corporate banking services to crypto companies globally.
Please note that Formosa Financial platform, in consideration of legal framework and compliance
requirements pertaining to token generation activities, may be operated outside of Taiwan in
jurisdictions deemed appropriate; such jurisdictions may include without limitation Cayman
Islands, Hong Kong, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, and Singapore.

3 - The Bank Embargo Against Crypto
Investments into the digital asset and blockchain space have steadily increased over the last five
years, but banks remain largely unwilling to provide services to businesses associated with this
technology. Digital asset exchanges, crypto hedge funds, and startups that have raised investment
rounds through initial coin offerings (ICOs) all struggle to open and maintain bank accounts. Even
successful individual investors often can’t easily move funds from exchanges into their personal
bank accounts, resulting in a dangerous concentration of capital at exchanges that are constantly
targeted by hackers.
Beyond the catastrophic risk posed by hacking, numerous exchanges have lost their banking
relationships in recent years, creating uncertainty for customers with funds on deposit and mass
panic in the market at large. The most infamous example of this circumstance is undoubtedly the

2
3

​http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2017/12/30/2003684893
https://international.thenewslens.com/article/87071

4

https://cointelegraph.com/news/challenging-china-taiwan-supports-mainstream-adoption-of-icos-and-bitco
in

4

saga of Bitfinex losing their bank accounts after Wells Fargo decided to cut off their correspondent
5
relationships.
Despite the challenges of securing banking, the industry has ventured forth with innovative
6
financing models. In 2017 alone, startups raised $6.5 billion for 525 projects through ICOs. This
surge of crypto-fundraising far is quickly eating into the market share of traditional investment
7
through venture capital funds and angels ($61.4B across 5,948 deals in 2017).

8

Figure 1: USD raised in token sales by month, 2014-2017

Even with the influx of capital, there are very few banks willing to provide services to businesses
dealing in crypto. With each country currently evaluating the relevance (and risk) of digital assets
to its legal and economic systems, the fragmented regulatory landscape enveloping digital asset
markets is unlikely to subside any time soon. Instead, innovators in the space will be forced to
continue navigating ambiguous legal regulations within their home countries and globally as
necessary.

5
6

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/21/technology/bitcoin-bitfinex-tether.html
https://www.smithandcrown.com/2017-year-review-part/

7

https://pitchbook.com/media/press-releases/total-venture-capital-dollars-invested-in-2017-on-track-to-reac
h-decade-high
8
https://www.smithandcrown.com/2017-year-review-part/

5

This unavoidable ambiguity can be greatly mitigated by providing an international banking safe
haven for innovators in the blockchain industry. When we accomplish the establishment of a
compliant financial institution with appropriate regulatory oversight and risk controls, we can
encourage crypto companies to come out from the dark and into the light.

4 - The Market Gap: Financial Services for Crypto Companies
According to a recent study, the online banking market is expected to reach approximately $30
billion by 2023, with the Asia-Pacific region spearheading market growth at a 26.1% compound
9
annual growth rate. Pair this trend with the explosion of development and investment in the digital
asset space and the need for a hybrid financial institution that offers the convenience of virtual
banking with bleeding edge blockchain applications becomes clear.
For your average crypto investor, the status quo is acceptable although often inconvenient.
Depending on the availability of exchange services within a particular country, investors are able to
use a credit/debit card or bank wire to get cash on an exchange to start trading, then withdraw the
funds back to a local account after making (hopefully profitable) trades. Unfortunately, the ability
to seamlessly move funds between blockchain and legacy financial systems is often not readily
available to enterprises providing retail access through fiat to the very same cryptomarkets.
While this is largely due to the perception of enhanced risk that banks hold towards blockchain
businesses, it is also a result of fragmented liquidity pools, the slowness of legacy payment rails,
and various restrictions imposed on transaction size by both exchanges and banks. One way to
potentially mitigate some of these issues is to build a book of buy side client business that seek to
purchase large blocks of crypto such that orders can be managed internally rather than executed
through third party trading venues. Formosa Financial is currently considering business models
and expansion plans to tap into this market.
Additionally, corporate banking entails a different set of services than its retail counterpart.
Immediate access to loans and other credit products to ensure working capital needs are met is a
critical operating requirement. For companies with large amounts of digital assets, the ability to
borrow cash against their holdings without liquidating their positions is also a major unaddressed
issue.
The need for cash is typically driven by payment obligations - for example, companies must pay
employees, lawyers, accountants, and other service providers through traditional payment rails.
9

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/online-banking-market-expected-to-reach-29976-million-glob
ally-by-2023-649081383.html

6

These recurring obligations necessitate the use of both treasury management and payment
services that can deliver funds in a predictable and reliable manner. Where companies raising
capital through traditional means (such as debt or equity) can immediately focus on leveraging
assets to scale their business, startups that have raised funds via ICO (or otherwise) are faced with
a thicket of operational, regulatory, and legal hurdles that must be handled.
Unsurprisingly, banks are often unwilling to engage with such customers. By building a financial
services institution focused exclusively on these kinds of customers, Formosa Financial seeks to
solve these exact problems. With unprecedented levels of volatility and occasional liquidity
crunches, we hope to provide companies holding large digital asset reserves practical solutions to
pay off their debts in a cost-efficient or timely fashion. To help them mitigate this, Formosa
Financial aims to become one of the first to offer credit lines based on deposited crypto assets.

5 - Digital First Banking Meets Blockchain
Corporates and consumers alike are increasingly demanding 24/7 banking services that are
10
accessible through web, mobile, and beyond. In addition to providing user-friendly interfaces,
financial institutions are beginning to realize the benefits of a platform banking strategy where
individual services are modularized through API integrations, thus allowing third-party developers
to bring apps to market. With the introduction of Payments Services Directive 2 (PSD2) in the
European Union, the transformation of banks into a secure, permissioned database with
11
standardized API endpoints is actually becoming a regulatory requirement in select jurisdictions.
The growing popularity of API-enabled banking services is particularly well-suited for the
emergence of blockchain-based products, as it creates opportunities for seamless integration and
interoperability between parallel financial ecosystems. In an effort to leverage the best of both
worlds, Formosa Financial plans to develop an API platform with full support for major blockchain
protocols alongside traditional corporate banking products. As such, the platform aims to serve as
a distribution channel for DApps built on supported protocols that will simultaneously tap into a
permissioned banking environment that respects compliance considerations and customer
preferences. The layers and components of such a system are diagrammed below:

10
11

https://www.accenture.com/us-en/insight-banking-distribution-marketing-consumer-study
https://www.evry.com/en/news/articles/psd2-the-directive-that-will-change-banking-as-we-know-it/

7

Figure 2: Proposed layers within an API-enabled banking platform offering traditional and
blockchain-based services. DApps mentioned are for instructional purposes only.
The core of the Formosa Financial platform is the API banking layer. This layer provides API
endpoints and hooks that interface with traditional bank services and blockchain-based
transactions managed by DApps. The platform core stores data on account ownership and identity,
compliance rules and permissions, along with segregated data on balance holdings across various
ledgers.
For each unique account, various bank services can be enabled or disabled. Basic functions such
as checking balances in savings accounts, authorizing credit lines, and sending wire transactions
through traditional payment rails will be accessible if the required conditions of the platform rules
engine are met.
Of course, each unique bank account will also have associated addresses on supported
blockchains such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple. Accounts holding balances on these
blockchains will be able to utilize DApps built on these protocols for various use cases such as
exchanging digital assets, payments, tokenized investments, and more.
As transactions are requested from the banking services layer, parsed and processed at the API
banking layer, then ultimately executed on the blockchain layer, all stages of each unique business
process will be logged, hashed, and added to a permissioned distributed ledger. Entries to this
8

ledger can only be written by Formosa Financial, but can also be read by authorized parties holding
private keys granting granular access levels. This permissioned ledger ensures full transparency,
auditability, and compliance such that Formosa Financial is demonstrably acting as a fail-proof
technology services layer carrying out customer transactions as instructed. Further details of the
function and architecture of this transactional ledger will be further elaborated upon in a
to-be-released technical white paper.
By unifying balances held on both blockchains and traditional bank accounts, the Formosa
Financial platform is positioned to offer unparalleled innovation and convenience to companies in
the crypto industry. Beyond the world of blockchains, API banking also offers fertile ground for
innovation by other fintech players offering apps with payments, identity, wealth management,
accounting, and more. Bringing in innovations from blockchain projects and fintech will create a
rich and diverse ecosystem of service offerings for Formosa Financial customers.

6 - Target Customers, Phases, & Governance
The primary goal of the Formosa Financial is to openly establish and promote best-in-class
financial services to international crypto companies by establishing operations in the favorable
environment offered by Taiwan.
To accomplish this ambitious goal, Formosa Financial will focus on solving problems faced by four
types of institutional and individual customers. Initial target customers include:
1. Digital asset exchanges
2. Digital asset investment funds
3. Companies who have raised funds through an initial coin offering (ICO)
4. High-net worth individuals with large digital asset holdings

9

Figure 3: Formosa Financial initial target customers
Regardless of the specific needs of these kinds of customers, they will all inevitably experience
problems related to aspects of security, treasury management, or payment activities. Formosa
Financial intends to design a series of Solutions-oriented-Services (SoS) across two operational
phases to address these pain points.

6.1 - Two Phase Approach for Services Rollout
In order to abide by regulatory requirements for providing our proposed services to international
customers, Formosa Financial will develop and operate services across two distinct phases. In
Phase 1, to the extent permitted under applicable laws, we aim to act as a trusted asset custodian
and broker that provides a basic suite of liquidity and cash management services.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, Phase 2’s focus is on leveraging the existing deposit
base accumulated in Phase 1 to offer full-fledged banking services such as working capital credit
lines. The lending facility that will be rolled out in Phase 2 will also enable us to offer a hybrid
stablecoin collateralized by a blend of crypto and fiat reserves. Ultimately coming into possession
of a full banking license will allow Formosa Financial to effectively balance the risk profile of the
underlying basket of assets backing our stablecoin.

10

PHASE 1

PHASE 2

Licensing

Subject to applicable laws

Subject to applicable laws and
certain conditions such as
sandbox admission or future
bank license

Token offering

Service access utility token
(“FMF Tokens”)

Fiat/crypto collateralized
stablecoin (XDRc)

Peer-to-peer

Bank-issued credit lines

Brokerage and loan origination
fees

Interest from loans, deposit
base

Asset custody

Custody brokerage services
(cold & hot wallets)

Full custody & multi-sig
crosschain wallet

Banking type

Full Reserve

Fractional Reserve

Digital fiat/stablecoin
withdrawal (USD only)

Digital fiat & outbound
international wires

Virtual

Direct

Lending type

Business model

Payment
capabilities
Fiat account type

Figure 4: Formosa Financial service types offered by phase, all Phase 2 services are inclusive of
those rolled out in Phase 1.

11

6.2 - Formosa Financial Management Structure
In order to efficiently execute and operationalize the two phase service delivery plan outlined
above, Formosa Financial intends to implement a management structure with a board of directors
at the top and business verticals reporting to the chief executive below. Each vertical lead will be
responsible for monitoring performance against strict service level agreements for customers and
ensuring that relevant risk controls are adhered to. The envisioned organizational chart for
Formosa Financial upon entering Phase 2 can be found below:

Figure 5: Formosa Financial Phase 2 organization chart by role and department
6.2.1 - Board Governance
Formosa Financial’s Board of Directors intends to govern the use of token funds. As detailed in
Section 9, this token reserve will represent 40% of all issued tokens. The Board will determine how
to strategically allocate token funds to accelerate growth of lines of business, customer
acquisition, and funds under management.
It is Formosa Financial’s plan that committees be established to report quarterly on areas of
strategic investment for Formosa Financial and meeting minutes be published publicly and made
available for comment by token holders and customers. The Board will also oversee and manage
critical tax, regulatory, and legal issues that will inevitably emerge in such a fast moving space.

12

Board members will be selected to bring a diversity of knowledge and operating experience from
both traditional and crypto markets in order to effectively guide ongoing token reserve
management.

7 - Key Service Offerings
As a starting point and subject to applicable laws and regulations, Formosa Financial will focus on
delivering solutions for customers in three critical areas: security, treasury management, and payment
services. Future solutions may include tokens backed by a basket of assets such as various fiat and
cryptocurrencies (referred to in this white paper as XDRc).

7.1 - Security
When handling large sums of money, security will always be the paramount concern. For
companies with massive digital asset holdings, there are numerous technical and operational
questions that must be addressed in order to put a reliable security framework in place for
accessing wallets.
Loss of private keys is certainly the most common case of failed security protocol. Cryptocurrency
forums are full of stories of lost hard drives storing private keys that have access to addresses
with millions of dollars of bitcoin. Even when keys are securely held, devices storing them are
susceptible to man-in-the-middle attacks as evidenced by the presence of this attack vector on
12
Ledger hardware wallets. Of course, these risks can potentially be mitigated by handing your keys
over to a trusted third party that has undergone extensive security audits. Of course, this design
decision comes with inherent risks as well as evidenced by numerous exchange hacks that have
been punished for faulty cold storage procedures.
As a starting point for Phase 1 and subject to applicable laws and regulations, Formosa Financial
intends to offer a highly-secure custodial service that provides easy access to funds while
maintaining operationally sound methods for transactions between internal (hot and cold) and
external (exchange) wallets.
Last but not least, high-profile coding errors can result in loss of hundreds of millions of dollars 13
the Parity multi-signature wallet fiasco being the latest example. Due to the technical complexity
and nascency of multi-sig solutions, Formosa Financial will roll out this offering for supported
blockchain protocols as part of Phase 2.
12

https://news.bitcoin.com/ledger-addresses-man-in-the-middle-attack-that-threatens-millions-of-hardwarewallets/
13
https://paritytech.io/on-classes-of-stuck-ether-and-potential-solutions/

13

All these examples are to point out that best practices for wallet security are evolving alongside
the cryptographic protocols themselves. As such, Formosa Financial aims to offer best in class
cold storage and multi-sig wallet security with support for multiple assets. As new solutions are
released into the market they will be evaluated and integrated into custodial services. If available,
Formosa Financial plans to take out an insurance policy to guarantee the security of all funds (both
crypto and fiat) held on deposit.

Full Brokerage Custody

Multi-Sig Wallets

Features

● Cold and hot wallets
● Complete control over balances
● 24/7 access to funds

● Single wallet with support for
multiple blockchains
● Set required quorum of
signatures

Benefits

Peace of mind knowing your
funds are in good hands

No single point of failure for
security, more coordination for
funds movement

Figure 6: Features and benefits of two security options

7.2 - Treasury Management
Liquidating large crypto positions typically requires a series of smaller transactions in order to
assure best price execution. This can be done by slowly selling out of a position on a single
exchange or structuring simultaneous transactions across multiple exchanges. Regardless of the
method chosen, all exchanges are subject to liquidity constraints dependent on current trading
volume. This is particularly problematic when dealing with thinly traded assets that may only be
listed on smaller, unreliable exchanges.
Formosa Financial’s treasury management service strives to facilitate integrations to over 95
exchanges to quickly and efficiently find the best venue for buying or selling any asset. To mitigate
the glacial pace of cash withdrawals by international wire, Formosa Financial will be able to
forward cash into customer accounts for immediate access. A step-by-step diagram of trade
execution pushed through the API banking platform is viewable below:

14

Figure 7: Process operations flow for executing transactions across exchanges
In step 1, a request from the customer using the treasury management service is sent to the API
banking layer. Information in this request includes the amount of the asset to sell and target price.
Once the request has been validated by checking account details, balances, and permissions in
step 2 transactions are sent from the customer’s designated blockchain wallet to their associated
deposit addresses at exchanges in step 3. After deposits have been received at the exchange, the
asset is then liquidated in step 4 while trying to achieve the target price specified in step 1. Data is
retained and propagated throughout the system end-to-end to ensure that trade execution is
carried out according to the parameters set by the customer. Newly acquired funds can then be
withdrawn from the exchange (either as crypto or fiat) and customer balance details are then
updated accordingly within the API banking layer.
All companies ultimately need to manage their positions across various asset classes. Startups
holding a bullish view on price appreciation of crypto can put their assets to work in two ways. In
15

Phase 1, Formosa Financial aims to facilitate a platform where these companies will be able to
lend their crypto or cash to other customers by using a peer-to-peer lending market. This P2P
market will feature an open order book that allows asset-heavy customers to make short-term
loans to borrowers at an interest rate that can be dynamically or statically set. All borrowers will be
required to post a certain amount of collateral dependent on the asset type in order to make the
lender whole in the event of market volatility.
To the extent permitted under applicable laws and regulations, Formosa Financial will aim to offer
bank-issued credit lines so customers can easily access cash for managing expenses. These
credit lines would function similarly to a traditional bank lending facility, but would instead allow
for the posting of crypto as collateral instead of physical assets. Interest rates will be dynamically
determined by market conditions, and the amount and type of collateral posted.

P2P lending

Bank-issued credit lines

Features

● Open order book to provide
transparent rates
● Built in position liquidation to
cover lender risk

● Simple pricing and easy
access to on-demand credit
● No need to separately post
collateral, can use existing
funds on deposit

Benefits

Borrow assets at competitive
rates from fellow customers

Straightforward, speedy
process integrated into other
services

Figure 8: Features and benefits of borrowing options
Alternatively, customers may seek to gain future price certainty to better plan their spending
instead of taking on short-term debts. A common example can be found in startups that have
raised tens of millions of dollars in ETH but need to reduce their volatility risk as they have a
pressing need predict their future cash position in order to cover recurring operating costs. This
can be accomplished through issuing forward contracts where the customer buys a contract that
requires them to sell their ETH at an agreed upon price at a predetermined point in the future. By
building a robust asset custodianship and lending business, Formosa Financial is likely to be
positioned to take the other side of these contracts.

16

Beyond working capital considerations, many companies are also eager to place strategic bets on
emerging projects and technologies. As such, Formosa Financial aims to provide customers with
excess cash or crypto reserves with access to pre-placement sales for ICO offerings by other
customers of Formosa Financial. Enabling new customers to raise capital for their upcoming
projects from existing bank customers will create a virtuous cycle whereby a two-sided market is
created. On one side, projects raising money will have unprecedented access to a pool of capital
on deposit that is eager to be deployed. On the other side, companies with large digital asset
holdings will have insider access to high-quality, vetted investment placements into projects that
achieve the lofty standards required by Formosa Financial to open an account. To further extend
Formosa Financial’s role as a trusted third party, companies fundraising via ICOs may opt to
submit their funds to milestone-locked escrow accounts. Governance of funds held in these
escrow accounts may be managed either by Formosa Financial itself or smart contracts developed
in consultation with customers of investment services.
By offering a combination of liquidity-sourcing services, collateralized credit products, volatility
risk management, and exclusive investment opportunities, Formosa Financial brings customers
unparalleled tools for keeping a balanced treasury of cash and digital assets.

7.3 - Payment Services
While the growth in market cap and number of addresses within the blockchain space
demonstrates a steep adoption curve, we are still many decades away from seeing mass
distribution and use of these systems for daily transactions. As such, companies handling crypto
still require access to traditional payment networks such as those offered by correspondent
banking relationships.
In Phase 1, customers may opt to have their funds withdrawn from the bank by receiving a digital
version of their fiat money issued on a blockchain so that it can be sent globally without the
interference of third-party intermediaries. To navigate the reality that many other businesses will
not be willing to accept a digital fiat asset, Phase 2 will see Formosa Financial set up
correspondent banking relationships to process inbound and outbound international payments in
supported currencies.
The issuance of digital fiat currencies by Formosa Financial, the consummation of which shall be
subject to applicable laws and regulations, will adhere to the highest standards of compliance and
transparency. All reserve account balances will be publicly visible in real-time and regularly audited
by reputable accounting firms, enabling customers to transact with the world’s first globally
accessible and bank-banked digital fiat currencies. This kind of offering is a natural extension of a
similar initiative recently launched by Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group to launch a new
17

14

cryptocurrency pegged 1:1 with Japanese Yen on its own exchange. By allowing customers to
use our digital fiats globally we expect a number of top exchanges to support trading pairs against
it due to the increased trust and transparency enabled by having reserves backed by a regulated
financial institution.

Digital fiat payments

Features

Benefit

International wire payments

● Virtually real-time payments
● Globally accessible on protocol
of choice

● Current international standard
for money movement
● Low cost transfers for
supported currencies

Instant movement of 100%
reserve backed fiat assets

Leverage existing payment
networks to make essential
business payments

Figure 9: Features and benefits of payment options
With multiple currency support for deposit and withdrawal of both digital fiat and crypto, Formosa
Financial aims to eventually have the ability to offer customers blended reserve assets to reduce
risk resulting from overexposure to a single asset. This kind of reserve asset may ultimately serve
as a payment option itself, dependent on future adoption by ecosystem stakeholders.

7.4 - Stablecoin
In Mandarin Chinese, Formosa is often admiringly referred to as 寶島 (Bǎodǎo) - literally
meaning “treasure island”. Formosa Financial plans to issue a synthetic reserve asset backed by a
weighted portfolio of underlying fiat and crypto, making it a repository for both old and new stores
of value. We are in the process of assessing the pros and cons of other currently available options
such as Basis Coin and DAI. Formosa Financial will continually assess the success of these
projects as we further refine the design of our stablecoin.
Appropriately enough, the concept for this asset is to put a unique spin on unit of account method
promulgated by the International Monetary Fund. This tokenized asset will be referred to as XDRc 14

http://www.forexlive.com/cryptocurrency/!/japanese-bank-plans-to-launch-its-own-cryptocurrency-mufg-coi
n-20180117

18

“XDR” being the currency symbol for Special Drawing Rights and “c” representing the crypto
element of the token. Similar to the IMF’s process, FMF Tokens holders may voice their opinions
through an annual survey pertaining to a portion of the composition of the crypto half of the XDRc
portfolio. The fiat half of XDRc will reflect the actual SDR portfolio weights, as assigned by the IMF
every five years.
7.4.1 - XDRc as Access-Privileged Special Drawing Rights
Special drawing rights (SDR) function as an international reserve asset that was created by the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) in 1969 in an effort to bolster the foreign reserves of member
countries and provide payments liquidity for the increasing amount of cross-border trade brought
15
by globalization. The SDR (trading under symbol XDR) is currently composed of a basket of five
major currencies, weighted respective to their importance in international trade. As of 2016, this
SDR basket consisted of the following currencies:
●
●
●
●
●

US dollar: 41.73%
Euro: 30.93%
Chinese yuan: 10.92%
Japanese yen: 8.33%
Pound sterling: 8.09%

The SDR itself is not a currency or a claim on the IMF, but instead acts as a potential claim that can
be exchanged for the same freely usable currencies that make up the underlying value of the SDR.
XDRc is intended to have a similar function for the cryptocurrency market participants as the value
is determined by a weighted basket of both crypto and fiat held on reserve at Formosa Financial.
For authorized customers, can function as a claim on Formosa Financial. Formosa Financial
intends to procure that XDRc be traded on exchanges against the most widely-used currencies in
the digital asset markets such as Bitcoin, Ether, and US dollar (which will also be represented in the
asset itself). The availability of XDRc will enable traders to hold a liquid, fungible, and more stable
asset that reflects a composition of underlying reserves. By providing real-time transparency into
reserves held by Formosa Financial and an open algorithm for the creation and destruction of new
XDRc, customers and traders in the broader market alike can determine if they would like to post
their crypto holdings as deposits to access a less volatile synthetic reserve asset or simply buy
said asset on the open market.

15

http://www.imf.org/en/About/Factsheets/Sheets/2016/08/01/14/51/Special-Drawing-Right-SDR

19

Once Formosa Financial has achieved account support for required fiats and appropriate
regulatory oversight, issued XDRc will be fully reserve backed by assets in the following
proportions:
Fiat (50%)
○ US dollar: 20.87%
○ Euro: 15.46%
○ Chinese yuan: 5.46%
○ Japanese yen: 4.17%
○ Pound sterling: 4.04%
● Crypto (50%)
○ Bitcoin (10%)
○ Ethereum (10%)
○ Ripple (5%)
○ Litecoin (5%)
○ Assets as suggested by FMF Tokens holders and/or other FMF team
members(20%)
●

Details of proof of stake voting mechanics and asset eligibility for the 20% of the portfolio that will
be decided by FMF Token holders will be elaborated upon in the future. By creating incentives to
hold FMF Tokens through access to critical services, Formosa Financial intends to create a limited
secondary market for non-customers of Formosa Financial who are seeking a safe haven asset to
flee the volatility of the markets.
7.4.2 - XDRc Deposit/Withdrawal Mechanics
Before making a deposit, traders will be presented with a dynamic rate for issuance of XDRc in
exchange for their deposit. This newly issued XDRc will act as an incentive for traders to put more
funds on deposit and be freely tradeable against other pairs on external exchanges, thus creating
arbitrage opportunities to drive additional volume.
The intent of this function is to establish XDRc as a synthetic reserve asset whose market value is
determined by the net asset value (NAV) of underlying reserves held by Formosa Financial. These
token mechanics are designed to reflect two fundamental financial truths:
1. The business of financial institutions is to grow its deposit base as much as possible in
order to expand its lending portfolio.
2. Diversification is a useful portfolio management tool to hedge against volatility.

20

In traditional commercial banking, money is created when loans are issued. From an accounting
perspective, this process simultaneously creates assets (in the form of new loans) and liabilities
(in the form of new deposits).

Figure 12: New commercial bank lending creates simultaneous assets and liabilities on a
16
commercial bank’s balance sheet.
In the context of a crypto-focused financial services company receiving deposits of a new asset
class, the process can be viewed as just the opposite. Instead of new assets giving rise to new
liabilities, Formosa Financial will instead have new liabilities (deposits) generate new assets in the
form of new XDRc tokens. These newly issued XDRc tokens will not be held on Formosa Financial’s
balance sheet, but will instead be added to the aggregate market capitalization of XDRc tokens as
determined by their updated NAV after receipt of the new liabilities (deposits).
At any given time, the USD-denominated net asset value of one XDRc can be determined by the
following formula:

XDRc NAV​ =

XDRc T otal Supply
Bank Reserves on Deposit in U SD

Say for example the total XDRc supply stands at 500MM and Formosa Financial reserves are
composed of 1,000 BTC (spot price of $10,000 BTC/USD), 10,000 ETH (spot price of $1,000

16

https://www.bankofengland.co.uk/-/media/boe/files/quarterly-bulletin/2014/money-creation-in-the-moderneconomy.pdf

21

ETH/USD), 10MM XRP (spot price of $1 XRP/USD), and $20MM USD. The net asset value of 1 XDRc
would therefore be calculated as follows:
500,000,000
((1,000 × 10,000) + (10,000 × 1,000) + (10,000,000 × 1) + (20,000,000))

In such a scenario, the net asset value of 1 XDRc would equal $
​ 10 USD​.
Every time a new deposit is made, a dynamic calculation will be made to determine what percent of
the reserves the new deposit would represent on an absolute and currency-specific basis. Assume
a customer wishes to make a deposit of 100 BTC under the same market cap and spot price
conditions listed above. The amount of new XDRc to be issued would be determined as follows:

XDRc Additional Supply​ =
(XDRc Current N av) ×(Asset Amount f or Deposit)×(Asset Spot P rice)
Therefore:

X
​ DRc Future Supply​ = XDRc Current Supply + XDRc Additional Supply
Plugging in the numbers, we see that this calculation will keep the NAV of XDRc stable even as the
supply expands:

XDRc Additional Supply​ = 10 x 100 x 10,000 = 10,000,000
XDRc Future Supply​ = 500,000,000 + 10,000,000 = 510,000,000

22

8 - FMF Token
Business customers seeking to access the financial services described must use FMF, an ERC-20
utility token that will be made available through a private placement.
Initially, 2 billion FMF Tokens will be issued to presale investors who are also likely to become the
earliest customers of Formosa Financial.

8.1 - Token Mechanics
FMF Tokens will serve a dual purpose: firstly, to act as a utility token that allows customers to
access tiered services and secondly, to participate in surveys pertaining to composition of the
reserve-backed token (initially known as XDRc) offered by Formosa Financial.
8.1.1 - Access
Customers can use FMF Tokens through proof-of-membership (PoM), a staking mechanism that
enables customers to access services offered by the Bank. The purpose of the FMF Tokens is to
limit the risks of Formosa Financial by ensuring that customers holding FMF Tokens are
companies intending to use the aforementioned services and are committed to utilizing their
tokens as such.
This model incentivizes customers to hold on to their tokens, as the demand for services will
subsequently drive demand for additional FMF. Formosa Financial may adjust the pricing of
various services from time to time, with the intention so that customers pay a fixed price on a US
Dollar denominated basis.

23

Various services will be offered in one of three tiers, with specific prices of each to be determined
dynamically based on to-be-determined cost structure:

Orchid
Digital asset
custodial services
Security

Treasury
Management

Wild Lily

✔

Plum Blossom

✔

Fiat custodial
services

✔

✔

Multi-Sig wallets

✔

✔

Liquidity sourcing on
multiple exchanges

✔

✔

Forward contracts

✔

ICO pre-placement
access

✔

Digital fiat
Payment withdrawals
Services International wire
transfers

✔

✔
✔

Figure 10: Services available across tiers, subject to applicable laws and regulations
After undergoing a know-your-business (KYB) due diligence process and being authorized to use
the Bank and to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, customers will receive
deposit addresses for supported blockchains and an account number for making fiat deposits (if
eligible for Plum Blossom tier services).

24

9 - Token Distribution
FMF Tokens will be distributed as follows:
● Investments:
○ 30% private sale
● Token generation entity
○ 10% legal, licensing, and compliance
○ 15% ecosystem
○ 15% platform development
(Use of reserves to be determined by FMF team)
● Team and advisors:
○ 25% team (24 months lockup)
○ 5% advisors (6 months unlock 50%, every month 25% after)

25

9.1 - Token Sale Details
FMF Tokens will be offered exclusively to selected strategic investors / potential future partners in
a both seed investors and private placement presale. It is likely for FMF Tokens to be listed in the
future on top exchanges which will enable prospective new customers to access the platform.
Tokens will be released 7 days before listing.
Token Type

Utility Token (Access)

Token Name

Formosa Financial Token

Token Code

FMF

Technology Framework

ERC20 Token Standard on Ethereum

Initial FMF Tokens Supply

2,000,000,000

Accepted currencies

Ethereum

9.2 - Use of Funds Distribution
Raised funds will be utilized as follows:
● Formosa Financial cash operations: 30%
● Business development: 20%
● Legal & compliance: 20%
● Technical development: 20%
● Team & operations: 10%

26

10 – Roadmap

27

10.1 - Go-To-Market Plan
Rounds
Milestones
(Estimated date)

Private Sale Details

Positive business growth by Q3 2018

Global Road Shows: Average 2 per month
Activities
Kickstart business operations, establish partnerships

Brokerage, Full custody system (hot and cold wallet) ,
Multi-Sig Cross chain wallet

Functions/ Product Offering

P2P lending, Stable token, ETF products

Digital fiat / Stablecoin withdrawals

Potential cooperating partners (finished or ongoing
projects)
Investment Details
High profile investors with passed KYC checks

30% of total tokens
Sales Plan
1 ETH = 15000 FMF
2 billion token
Min Investment 50 ETH

28

11 - Team

George Hsieh / CEO
At the age of 24, George Hsieh created the acclaimed online brokerage platform during his time as
the founder and CEO of KCET (Kong Cheng Electronic Trading), generating a 100-fold increase in
revenue in merely 18 months. In addition to his role as an online brokerage pioneer in Taiwan, he
also served as the head of the Public Affairs Committee at the Taiwan Securities Association.
After completing his Management Studies at MIT's Sloan School of Management, Mr. Hsieh ran
successfully for office. During his three-term (11-years) as a Taiwan legislator, Mr. Hsieh served as
the convener at the Legislative Yuan's Judiciary and Organic Laws and Statutes Committee, the
convener of Budget and Final Accounts Committee, and the majority party Kuomintang’s
Legislative Caucus Whip.
Upon returning to the business world, Mr. Hsieh founded the integrated movie
production-distribution-investment company Hualien Media International in 2014. In 2017, the firm
announced a HK$713 million (approximately US$91.699 million) merger with the Hong Kong-listed
entertainment company HMV Digital China. In the same year, Mr. Hsieh became the first owner of a
Taiwanese film company to be awarded the EY Entrepreneur of the Year award. Mr. Hsieh has
served as the executive director at the Keelung-based bank KSCC since 2011, responsible for
business development and corporate image management. The bank has 15 business units across
Taipei and Keelung and has made a great contribution for the provision of regional financial
services and stabilizing regional financial order.
29

Ryan Terribilini / Chief Revenue Officer
Ryan has worked on numerous projects at the intersection of technology, policy, and operations.
He spent four years at Google developing the Android hardware and software ecosystems by
managing direct-to-consumer device support operations and creating policies for the world’s
biggest mobile app marketplace. At Ripple, Ryan served as Head of Developer Relations and
Platform Partnerships. Through this role he engaged with numerous financial institutions and
FinTech entrepreneurs building the payment systems of the future. Last summer he worked with
Catalyst to develop an accelerator program focused on building financial services for underserved
populations in India. He is currently a research fellow for the Global Taiwan Institute, undertaking a
historical study on the relationship between Taiwan's democratic and economic development.
Ryan is a magna cum laude graduate of the University of California, Berkeley with a degree in
Classical Civilizations and a graduate of the University of Oxford’s Master of Public Policy
program.

30

Lorne Lantz / Chief Technical Officer
Lorne Lantz is a blockchain entrepreneur, developer and educator who has built multiple financial
startups that have won awards with PayPal and Swift. He has been programming for 20+ years.
Lorne is an O'Reilly blockchain expert, having co-chaired the O'Reilly Bitcoin & Blockchain Summit,
produced educational videos on the blockchain, and technical reviewer for the “Mastering Bitcoin”
book. Lorne has launched several fintech startups, including remittances, ewallets, POS, forex,
crypto trading and ICO investing. Lorne has been educating corporations around the world on
blockchain, including German bankers at TedX Hamburg.

31

Yalu Lin / Chief Operating Officer
Yalu has a very diverse cultural background from Asia (Taiwan), Europe (UK & Poland) and Canada.
Graduated from Imperial College London, Joint Maths and Computer Science.
As an entrepreneur, Yalu co-founded a retail distribution in Canada and successfully cooperated
with Hudson Bay Company, Staples, BestBuy and Fry’s electronics. After a successful exit, Yalu
relocated to Guangdong to join a global cooperation in charge of global product R&D, as global
sourcing management, and inventory-financial management. He then moved again to the parent
company in Europe for marketing and sales operation. With his help, the firm eventually became
publicly listed. Yalu was also the president of Imperial College Taiwan Society, and the director of
The Taiwan Merchants Association of Toronto.

32

12 - Advisors

Jeffrey Huang / Advisor
Jeffrey Huang (​黃立成​) is a Taiwanese-American music, entertainment, and technology industry
leader based out of Taipei, Taiwan. Jeff has always taken an interest in new technologies as an
early adopter, starting as far back as 1998 during the dot-com bubble and later evolving into his
most recent realization, 17 Media. His pursuits of newly trending technologies have actively kept
him ahead of the curve and a true industry leader. His most recent project, 17 Media, the number 1
live-streaming app in developed Asia. The mobile app quickly became the most popular app in
Taiwan, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Singapore and Indonesia. With its recent foray into the Japanese
market, 17 Media intends to be a multi-regional online media giant that challenges and seeks to
displace the traditional media of yesterday.

33

Kevin Li / Advisor
Kevin is currently the Senior Vice President of Product and Engineering at 17 Media. He scaled the
engineering team from five to more than a hundred people and led the product from zero revenue
to massively profitable. Before joining the company, he founded his company named SMD Lab, in
which he developed and licensed his news summarization algorithm to several companies, and
developed the #1 public bike app on iOS. Kevin specializes in building large-scale distributed
systems, and he is also an early adopter of blockchain technology. Kevin holds an M.S. and a B.A.
degree in Electrical Engineering from National Taiwan University.

Wei-Ning Huang / Advisor
Wei-Ning is the CTO and Co-founder of the COBINHOOD cryptocurrency exchange. He leads a team
of engineers to build the COBINHOOD exchange from the ground up. Before that, he has three
years' working experience at Google. Wei-Ning is also an active open-source contributor and
worked in the open-source space for more than seven years. He specializes in building large-scale
web applications with demanding throughput and availability. Wei-Ning is also an early adopter of
34

cryptocurrencies, having five years of cryptocurrency trading experience and deep understanding
of the blockchain technology. Wei-Ning holds a M.S. degree in Computer Science and B.A. degree
in Electrical Engineering from National Taiwan University.

Czhang Lin / Advisor
Shangru Lin (Czhang) graduated with an Electrical Engineering degree from University of Western
Ontario in Canada and an Executive MBA degree from Beijing’s Tsinghua University and Insead
Business School in Fontainebleau, France. With over 10 years of business operations experience,
Czhang successfully public listed his own family company on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (Poland)
in 2014. To date it is still the only Taiwanese firm to be listed in Central Eastern Europe. Since
2017, Czhang has continued his career in the investments sector as part of the PreAngel
Blockchain Fund. PreAngel was Neo’s seed investor back in 2014, also since mid 2017 PreAngel
has invested in more than 50 blockchain projects such as Oben, Primas, Qlink, Robin8, Smartmesh,
Medicalchain, Zeepin, Bnktothefuture, Aptoide, Bluzelle, Iotex and more - many of which have
already achieved a multiple market value return. Currently Czhang is a Vice President at the JRR
Crypto Fund and an advisor for the Asian-Israell Blockchain Association.

35

Leo Cheng / Advisor
Leo Cheng is a founder and principal at Blockstate, a San Francisco-based blockchain advisory
firm. Blockstate has advised blockchain projects in various industry verticals, including Gaming,
IoT/Connected Devices, and Social Media. He is also the Chief Operating Officer of Mithril (MITH).
As a lifelong student of technology, Leo has always been on the business side of technology. Prior
to Blockstate, he served on the founding management team at Solano Labs, a developer tools SaaS
company that was acquired by GE Digital. Leo has held various roles in Finance, Operations,
Marketing, Product, and Business Development across startups and enterprises.
Leo received his BA in Economics from University of California, Berkeley and MBA from the
University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.

36

Richard Wang / Advisor
Richard Wang joined DFJ Dragon Fund since 2011. Mr. Wang has over 20 years of business
development, technical marketing and sales management in high technology space experiences.
Prior to DFJ Dragon Fund, Richard served as QunZhong E-Commerce’s CEO and successfully open
up the market and developed the franchise channel. Prior to QunZhong E-Commerce, he founded
OLEA Network with partners in Silicon Valley. The company research and develop wireless
intelligent ECG sensor by using the Doppler Radar technology. He has several technical papers
published in IEEE journal. Mr. Wang holds MSEE from National Chiao Tung University since 1995.
Mr. Richard Wang is interested at Artificial Intelligence Application and fintech area especially in
blockchain sector, his portfolios including Yeepay, Senodia, NasoSic, Innodealing, Epticore,
Vechain Metaversa, Redpulse, Alphacat , DAF, i-House, Chinapex, RED, Evermarket, OBEN, Primas,
Bottos, MDT and YAN.

37

I-Cheng Liu
Senior Executive Vice President at CTBC Bank
https://www.linkedin.com/in/i-cheng-liu-cfa-01445513/

Jamie Lin
Founding Partner of AppWorks (Asia's Leading Startup Accelerator), Eisenhower Fellow
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamielin/

38

13 - Disclaimers
This document is for the purpose of the introduction to the project only, and does not constitute
any investment advice or suggestions. Neither does this document constitute any form of
contractual agreement, promise, commitment or undertaking.
Participants of the project must clearly understand the risks of the project. Purchasing any digital
assets in the project means participants are aware of and accept the risks of the project and are
willing to bear all subsequent consequences. The project team expressly disclaims that they shall
not bear any direct or indirect losses as a result of participating in the project.
Disclaimer terms of this project include and are not limited to
●
●
●
●

●
●

●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

The acquirer may be subject to adverse legal and/or tax implications as a result of the
acquisition or transfer of FMF Tokens.
The project may be affected by newly implemented regulations.
Prices of the FMF Tokens are not guaranteed to increase in value and may decline in some
circumstances.
FMF Tokens serve as utility tokens used solely on the Formosa Financial platform and do
not represent any form of ownership or control right in FMF Tokens, FMF App, or any other
associated entities.
FMF Tokens could be lost or stolen.
Blockchain-based digital assets have been subjected to increasing regulatory actions in
many countries. Any pressures or adverse regulatory actions from governments or
regulatory bodies may impact the project described herein (the “FMF Project”) and FMF
Tokens.
Technologies behind the FMF Project are still at early stage and may not be developed or
successfully deployed.
This Project and FMF Tokens may not receive sufficient interests from individuals or
organizations.
FMF Project and FMF Tokens may not meet the expectations of the FMF team or the
participants of the project.
Formosa Financial platform, like any blockchain platform, may come under internet hacking
attacks.
Software of the FMF Project may have loopholes and may be cracked.
There may not be any secondary market for FMF Tokens.
The FMF team may undergo significant adverse changes including possible dissolution.
The official website (the “Website”) and the wallets of the FMF Project may fail.
Other unforeseen risks.
39

All dates and figures presented in this White Paper are estimated. They are subjected to
change without notice. Formosa Financial is dedicated to working to deliver these dates
and figures. It is prudent for Formosa Financial to withhold the right to change these
figures and dates in order to update the services to their customers according the
fast-changing crypto economy.
● There may be risks relating to acts of God, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots,
civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events
beyond the control of FMF team.
Unless participants understand the plan of the project and the risks associated with
blockchain-based digital assets, participants are not recommended to participate in the presale of
the FMF Tokens. Blockchain-based digital assets are at an early stage of development and thus are
inherently risky, and caution must be taken for any participation. Once participants have
participated in the presale of the FMF Tokens, the participation is irreversible and cannot be
refunded except in the event that the presale fails to meet its soft ceiling.
●

Participants are notified as follows:
Not available to all persons:​ Formosa Financial platform and FMF Tokens are not available to all
persons. Participation may be subject to a range of steps, including the need to provide certain
information and documents.
No offer of regulated products in any jurisdiction:​ FMF Tokens are not intended to constitute
securities or any other regulated product in any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not constitute a
prospectus nor offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation
of securities or any regulated product in any jurisdiction. This White Paper has not been reviewed
by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction.
No advice:​ this White Paper does not constitute advice in relation to whether you should
participate in the Formosa Financial platform or buy any FMF Tokens, nor should it be relied upon
in connection with, any contract or purchasing decision. Participants must take all necessary
professional advice, including in relation to tax and accounting treatment. We hope the Formosa
Financial project will be highly successful. However, success is not guaranteed, and digital assets
and platforms involve risk. Participants must assess the risks and your ability to bear them.
No representations or warranties:​ No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy or
completeness of the information, statements, opinions or other matters described in this
document or otherwise communicated in connection with the project. Without limitation, no
representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of any
forward-looking or conceptual statements. Nothing in this document is or should be relied upon as
a promise or representation as to the future. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law,
40

all liability for any loss or damage whatsoever (whether foreseeable or not) arising from or in
connection with any person acting on this White Paper, or any aspect of it, notwithstanding any
negligence, default or lack of care, is disclaimed. To the extent liability may be restricted but not
fully disclaimed, it is restricted to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
English version prevails:​ this White Paper is provided in an official English version only. Any
translation is for reference purposes only and is not certified by any person. If there is any
inconsistency between a translation and the English version of this White Paper, the English
version prevails.
Risk Disclosures
(a)
Technology
Sophistication.​ Tokens are often described in exceedingly technical language; a comprehensive
understanding of applied cryptography and computer science is required in order to appreciate
inherent risks. By using the services offered by FMF Tokens and the Website (the “Services”),
participants represent and warrant that they have sufficient knowledge, market sophistication,
experience, and/or professional advice sufficient to undertake a prudent evaluation of the merits
and risks of all transactions conducted by participants pursuant to the Services, and agree to bear
sole responsibility for the aforementioned evaluation.
Forks.​ The blockchain technology underlying FMF Tokens is subject to change at any time,
including changes in operating rules (commonly referred to as “forks”), and blockchain networks
may go offline as a result of bugs, hard forks, or a number of other unforeseeable reasons. Such
changes may materially and adversely affect the value or function of the FMF Tokens. Participants
agree that participants are fully responsible for monitoring such changes and agree to bear all
risks arising therefrom or relating thereto.
Malicious Nodes.​ Some nodes in the Formosa Financial network may be malicious and attempt to
get rewarded without corresponding contribution; also, attackers may try to ruin the Formosa
Financial ecosystem if they only suffer from minimal penalties. We need strong guarantees to
protect the network from malicious attacks to ensure that the transactions are secured and the
ecosystem is sustainable. Some attacks that could threaten a blockchain network are listed and
discussed as follows.
Sybil Attack.​ Malicious nodes could create multiple Sybil identities to strive for more rewards or
cheat the network. In general, the proof mechanism should have established barriers to prevent
Sybil attacks; however, there is no guarantee such barriers will always be successful.
Out-of-Work Attack.​ While an attacker can control a lot of nodes, the nodes could be used to make
some troubles on a distributed computing network. The nodes controlled by malicious attackers
could be called zombies. An attack methodology is to ask the zombie nodes quit or go on a strike
at one time. On Formosa Financial network, the zombie nodes may take AI jobs but fail to complete
41

them or return invalid results. If an AI job is assigned to a group of which most are zombie nodes,
the AI job would receive unauthentic results or just simply fail.
Outsourcing Attack.​ Malicious nodes may outsource their jobs to other nodes, such that they may
earn the rewards easily without consuming the corresponding computing power. On Formosa
Financial network, nodes should present their capabilities to strive for taking jobs. Validation of
node capabilities based on Proof-of-Intelligence may mitigate the behavior of outsourcing attack
because the malicious nodes would lose their jobs if they do not endeavor to execute the same;
however, there is no guarantee this approach will always be successful.
Disclaimer.​ Formosa Financial hereby disclaims all responsibility for any loss or damage arising
from or relating to participants’ use of any Services (including, but not limited to, risk of losses due
to trading or due to factors beyond its control regarding the viability of any specific blockchain
network). Formosa Financial further disclaims all responsibility for any loss or damages arising
from or relating to any cyber-attacks (including without limitation the theft of participants’ personal
information), unprecedented surges in trading volume, any disruption or shut down of the Services,
or other technical difficulties with respect to the Services.
(b)
Security of the Platform
Participants acknowledge that information they store or transfer through Formosa Financial’s
Services may become irretrievably lost or corrupted or temporarily unavailable due to a variety of
causes, including software failures, protocol changes by third party providers, internet outages,
force majeure event or other disasters including third party DDOS attacks, scheduled or
unscheduled maintenance, or other causes either within or outside Formosa Financial’ control.
Participants are solely responsible for backing up and maintaining duplicate copies of any
information participants store or transfer through Formosa Financial’ Services.
(c)
Not Securities
Use and purchase of the tokens generated by Formosa Financial carries significant financial risk.
Formosa Financial hereby expressly disclaims that the transactions taking place on its platform
pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction or that any documents published
on its platform are solicitations for investment.
(d)
Regulatory Measures
Tokens are being, or may be overseen by the regulatory authorities of various jurisdictions.
Formosa Financial may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests, or rulings from one or more
regulatory authorities from time to time, or may even be ordered to suspend or discontinue any
action in connection with the Website or Services. The development of the Website may be
seriously affected, hindered, or terminated as a result.
(e)

Illiquidity and Price Volatility
42

Participants may find it difficult or impossible to liquidate. There may not be a demand for FMF
Tokens. Formosa Financial is not responsible for the circulation and trading of FMF Tokens on the
market. Tokens such as FMF Tokens, if traded on markets, usually have extremely volatile prices.
Fluctuations in price over short periods of time frequently occur, which price may be denominated
in Bitcoin, Ether, US Dollars or any other fiat currency. Such fluctuations could result from market
forces (including speculations), regulatory changes, technical innovations, availability of
exchanges, and other objective factors and represent changes in the balance of supply and
demand. Formosa Financial is not responsible for any secondary market trading of FMF Tokens,
nor is Formosa Financial obliged to tame any price volatility of FMF Tokens. Careful due diligence
should be undertaken by participants, with the full understanding that participants’ contributions
may not ultimately result in a useable or valuable token and the value of participants’ contributions
may therefore be subject to total loss. Formosa Financial does not make any representation or
warranty, explicit or implicit, as to the usability or the value of any tokens that may be utilized on
Formosa Financial platform. Participants understand and accept that there is no warranty or
assurance that participants will receive any benefits through any FMF Tokens that participants
hold.
(f)
Compliance by Users.
Participants acknowledge and agree that Formosa Financial is not responsible for determining
whether or which laws, rules, or regulations apply or may apply to participants’ transactions
(including, without limitation, any anti-money laundering laws, securities laws and tax laws).
Participants acknowledge and agree that participants are solely responsible for compliance with
all such laws rules, or regulations as may be applicable to participants’ transactions. Without
limiting the foregoing, participants acknowledge and agree that participants are solely responsible
for all tax obligations arising from participants’ use of the Services. Participants further
acknowledge and agree that Formosa Financial shall not be liable, whether directly or indirectly, for
any of participants’ tax obligations.
(g)
Disclosure Compliance.
Participants acknowledge and agree that Formosa Financial’ recordkeeping and customer
verification procedures may be, without prior notice, subject to change at any time as required by
applicable regulations or state of the art practices.
Applicable law, regulation, and executive orders may require Formosa Financial to, upon request by
government agencies, freeze or suspend withdrawals or trading (or both), or disclose information
regarding participants’ account(s). In the event such disclosure is compelled, participants agree
that Formosa Financial may disclose information regarding participants’ accounts. While Formosa
Financial will endeavor to, where commercially reasonable, give participants prior notice of such
disclosure, Formosa Financial makes no guarantees that such prior notice will be made.
43

