Effect Network:
Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence
REV-1.1
Eisses, Jesse

Verspeek, Laurens

Dawe, Chris

jesse@effect.ai

laurens@effect.ai

chris@effect.ai

Dijkstra, Sjoerd
sjoerd@effect.ai

June 4, 2018

Abstract
The Artificial Intelligence (AI) market is growing at a remarkable rate
but has become more inaccessible than ever. The requirement for large
annotated datasets and a complex technical infrastructure has driven AI
development behind the closed doors of corporations. This paper introduces an open, decentralized network called Effect.AI , that provides services in the AI market. The network replaces several existing services and
requires no fees, has a low barrier of entry and provides fast growth of
the industry. This is accomplished by three platforms that run on the NEO
blockchain and are fueled by a network token called EFX. The first platform
is a marketplace for tasks that require human intelligence. It allows anyone in the world to perform tasks for a fair payment and gives businesses
access to a large workforce of human intelligence. The second platform is a
decentralized registry of AI services described by a rich ontology. On this
platform any algorithm can be accessed as a service in a unified manner
and has a convenient way to recieve payment. The last platform provides
a decentralized, distributed computational platform that can run popular
deep learning frameworks. The effect of this network will define the future
relationship between humans and AI.

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Contents
1 Introduction

3

1.A Blockchain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3

1.B Artificial Intelligence . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4

1.C Problem Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

1.D Solution Effect.AI

6

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2 The community driven Effect Network

8

2.A EFX tokens and the Effect Galaxy Pool . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

2.B Effect Reputation Score . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

2.C Galaxy Allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

12

2.D Governance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13

2.E Improvement Proposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13

2.F Effect Council . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14

2.G Implementation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14

3 Phase 1: Effect.AI Force

15

3.A Requesters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

3.B Workers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

3.C Tasks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

16

3.D Data sets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17

3.E Privacy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17

4 Phase 2: Effect.AI Smart Market

19

4.A Application registry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

20

4.B Endpoints . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

20

5 Phase 3: Effect.AI Power

21

6 Conclusion

22

Page 2

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Whether we are based on carbon
or on silicon makes no
fundamental difference; we should
each be treated with appropriate
respect.
Arthur C. Clarke

1

Introduction

Artificial Intelligence (AI) is progressing rapidly and has already caused many
different effects. We see AI applications everywhere we look; from phones to
autonomous vehicles to biotechnology, AI has become ubiquitous. AI is often
considered the key component of the Fourth Industrial Revolution [1]. Like the
revolutions that preceded it, the Fourth Industrial Revolution has the potential to raise global income levels and improve the quality of life for populations
around the world. However, the revolution could yield greater inequality as well,
particularly in its potential to disrupt labor markets as automation substitutes
labor across the entire economy [1]. Consider, for example, when entire workforces were laid off when pinhead factories started incorporating machines in
their fabrication process. A similar, though far larger threat looms due to new
advances in AI development. Bill Gates had the idea to tax labor performed
by AI-algorithms, to compensate for the loss of jobs in many sectors1 . This
idea seemed science fiction at the time, but the concept can be realized on the
Effect Network, a decentralized network for AI. Effect.AI brings AI-algorithms
to an open and proven decentralized platform, powered by the blockchain and
accessible to all.

1.A

Blockchain

A blockchain is a decentralized data store that can contain arbitrary logic and
processes, without the need for a trusted central party. Blockchain was first proposed in the Bitcoin whitepaper by Satoshi Nakamoto, 2009 [2]. Since then the
1 https://qz.com/911968/bill-gates-the-robot-that-takes-your-job-should-pay-taxes/

Page 3

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

technology has been applied in many areas, and has had a disruptive influence
in the markets of banking, insurance, real-estate, to name a few. Decentralized
applications have some unique properties like transparency and a fixed history.
We propose a protocol that decentralizes the global market in AI; which lowers
the barrier for entry, stimulates market growth and greatly reduces usage cost.
NEO NEO [3] is (i) the use of blockchain technology and digital identity to
digitize assets, and (ii) the use of smart contracts for digital assets to be self–
managed. This establishes, what is called, a Smart Economy with a distributed
network2 . Hence, it’s a smart contracts ecosystem, similar to Ethereum [4].
NEP5 tokens are tokens that are managed by smart contracts on the NEO
blockchain. Most existing NEO projects use a NEP5 token (e.g. RedPulse 3 ,
Qlink 4 , and DeepBrain Chain 5 ). NEP5 describes the protocol that these tokens
conform to, as the Effect.AI EFX token does as well.

1.B

Artificial Intelligence

AI is intelligence displayed by machines, in contrast with the Natural Intelligence
(NI) displayed by humans and other animals. In computer science AI is defined
as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment
and takes actions that maximize its chance of success at some goal.
In the past five years there has been a rapid growth in the number of practical
AI applications. Smart services like self-driving cars, face and voice recognition
in mobile phones, and image translation are getting a central place in everyday life. The increase in AI applications can be explained by the advances in
Machine Learning (ML), Computer Vision (CV), and Natural Language Processing (NLP) research, as well as the ready availability of cloud computing.
This has resulted in large adoption by the industry and the birth of a billiondollar-economy around smart applications. While academic achievements are
2 http://docs.neo.org/en-us/index.html
3 https://coin.red-pulse.com/
4 https://www.qlink.mobi/
5 https://www.deepbrainchain.org/

Page 4

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

available to the public most intelligent algorithms are developed behind the
closed doors of large corporations. We propose a private, decentralized ecosystem called the Effect.AI Network (Effect Network ). The network is designed
to develop in the phases shown in fig. 1, and operates fully on smart contracts
deployed on a Turing-complete blockchain.
Token
Distribution
Event
Phase 1

Force
Community
EFX
Galaxy Pool
Smart
Market

Phase 2

Reputation
Council
System
Governance

Phase 3

Power
Figure 1: Development roadmap for the Effect Network

1.C

Problem Statement

Despite the advantages AI brings there are a number of problems that have to be
dealt with, especially regarding the research and development of AI technology.
These problems can broadly be categorized into three areas that currently make
AI research and development difficult to perform.
Data processing

The first problem is that of data processing. Intelligent ap-

plications perform tasks that traditionally require human feedback. Such tasks
involve processing unstructured data and finding patterns that can provide useful output. These applications are trained on large data sets with annotations.
Page 5

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Obtaining an annotated data set is non-trivial and requires a lot of time and
resources.
Diverging Tasks The second problem that currently makes AI hard to practice is that of diverging tasks. An obstacle when developing a complex algorithm
is the need to interact with parts of the world outside the current domain. For
example: a self-driving car learning to steer will also need to identify road signs
around the world. This situation can best be treated as a knowledge system
where the classification of the sign is done by an external application. This
quickly increases the complexity of an application.
Computational Costs

The last main problem is the computational cost of

AI algorithms. Developing and training AI systems is in most cases a computational intensive and thus expensive task. It requires a technical infrastructure
capable of processing large amounts of data, doing batched processing on Graphics Processing Units (GPUs) and coordinating the results.

1.D

Solution Effect.AI

A decentralized ledger like the blockchain provides a direct link between supply and demand which can greatly mitigate these problems. The transparency
that blockchain offers will boost discoverability on the network, resulting in a
high degree of collaboration and data sharing between agents. It also increases
knowledge diversity and makes AI more affordable by sharing costs. Around
this vision the Effect Network is designed. Like other decentralized applications, Effect.AI directly connects supply and demand without the need for an
intermediary party. To be more specific, the Effect Network will establish the
following:
1. Accessibility. By directly linking supply and demand through our microtasking platform Effect.AI Force (EF) will make training AI algorithms
easier, faster and cheaper (section 3). This will enable users who do not
have access to a large dataset or a big network to train their AI algorithm.
Page 6

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

2. Accuracy. The Effect.AI Smart Market (ESM) is an exchange with a
rich ontology of specialist AI applications. Individual applications are
able to find each other to buy or sell information, as specified in section 4.
Through this exchange, users can use data sets with significantly higher
complexities to train their AI algorithms.
3. Performance. Users can enrich their existing datasets by purchasing
services from algorithms on the ESM (section 4), or they can setup a new
datasets by creating micro-tasks on the EF platform (section 3). By enabling users to build datasets quickly and accurately they can immediately
use these datasets to train AI algorithms.
4. Interoperability. By putting the AI algorithms on the blockchain and
creating a communication standard to which these AI algorithms have
to comply to, we can truly decentralize AI and achieve interoperability
between individual AIs (section 5). The combination of multiple AI algorithms will result in powerful capabilities and emergent intelligence that
no single AI algorithm can achieve on its own.
The network will be deployed in consecutive phases, allowing adaptation and
development of the network to grow together. The phases cover independent
market sections but are interconnected in our network model and are all fueled
by the same token; the EFX token.
The rest of the Effect.AI whitepaper is structured as follows. The Effect
Network will be outlined in section 2. Hereafter, section 3, section 4, and
section 5 will detail the three different phases for the development of the Effect
Network , in chronological order. The whitepaper will be concluded in section 6.

Page 7

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

I alone cannot change the world,
but I can cast a stone across the
waters to create many ripples..
Mother Teresa

2

The community driven Effect Network

The Effect Network can be deployed and used as a decentralized application
as-is. However, in order for the network to grow and be sustainable, we believe
there has to be a form of governance. Participants should have incentive to use
the EFX token for the purpose of AI tasks. Investors looking for quick monetary
gain should be discouraged and pump-and-dump schemes should be avoided in
order for the network to grow and slowly take market value from the existing
centralized services.
The Effect.AI Galaxy Pool (EGP) will be outlined in section 2.A. Thereafter, section 2.B will explain the reputation mechanism in the network. The
Effect.AI Galaxy Allowance (EGA) will be outlined in section 2.C, section 2.D
details the governance system, section 2.E is dedicated to the improvement proposal system, and section 2.F explains the council formation. This section will
finish with blockchain implementation specifics on the NEO and GAS platform in
section 2.G.

2.A

EFX tokens and the Effect Galaxy Pool

It is important to maintain liquidity in EFX tokens, especially during the early
days when there is no listing on exchanges. Ideally the following actions should
always be possible:
1. Workers are able to sell their EFX rewards for native tokens
2. Requesters and network users should be able to buy EFX
For a new token on the market this kind of liquidity can be hard to achieve
and can be hurt by speculative trading. The Effect.AI Network (Effect Network )

Page 8

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

will maintain a central pool of tokens to provide liquidity, encourage adoption
and stabilize network fees. This pool is called the Effect.AI Galaxy Pool (EGP)
and consists of a mix of EFX and native tokens. Several rules will drive the EGP
towards an equilibrium. These rules can later be refined by means of governance
as is discussed in section 2.D.
External
Exchanges

External
Exchanges

EFX

EFX

Requesters
& Services

(Galaxy)
EFX

Effect.AI Interface
(Smart Contracts)

NEO, GAS
& NEP5
Galaxy
EFX

Crowdsale
Funds

EFX

Galaxy
Pool

Workers
& Users

EFX

NEO, GAS
& NEP5
EFX

Donations
NEO, GAS
& EFX
Governance
Platform

Figure 2: Diagram of the Governance Model and construction of the Effect.AI
Galaxy Pool
The EGP ensures stable exchange rates for users of the network at all times.
The pool is not suitable for day traders, as only Galaxy-EFX tokens (G-EFX)
can be bought. Any G-EFX bought from the EGP can not be sold back to the
EGP. A G-EFX is washed (converted to a regular EFX token) by spending it
through an Effect.AI Service Contract (ESC). These are the smart contracts
that processs the transactions of tasks and the service registry. This protects
the EGP from external manipulation and keeps exchange rates stable for all

Page 9

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

×106
1.0

G-EFX

0.8

0.6

0.4

0.2

0.0
0.0

0.5

1.0

1.5

2.0

2.5

3.0

3.5

4.0
×106

NEO blocks

Figure 3: Total amount of G-EFX for 4 × 106 blocks in the NEO blockchain
agents in the network.
To assure Requesters will not have an overflow G-EFX will gradually expire
and flow back to the EGP over time. eq. (1) shows how G-EFX flows back every
α blocks in the blockchain.

G-EFX0 =





G-EFX,


∆ βcurrent , βlast. < α
∆

X



G-EFX · (1 − γ)i , otherwise

G-EFX − γ ·

(1)

i

Where G-EFX0 is the new wallets’ total from the original transaction, β are
blocks in the NEO blockchain, γ is the backflow factor defined by the Effect
Council, and α is the number of blocks that have to go past for the function to

activate. ∆ βcurrent , βlast. , or short ∆, denotes the number of blocks since the
last time the G-EFX was decreased.
This ensures, for a Requesters, there is seamless payment for the ESC with
native tokens, such as NEO, GAS, and other NEP5 tokens.

Page 10

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Other measures that will be undertaken in order to maintain a healthy liquidity in the Effect Network to keep the EGP stable, especially in the first
phase of the development, are the implementation of beneficial exchange rates
between EFX tokens and the native tokens NEO, GAS, and NEP5 tokens. This
means that Requesters will have to pay less native tokens to use Effect Services,
and that Workers will recieve more native tokens in exchange for their recieved
EFX tokens.
In the future, when cross-chain trading techniques are more common in
blockchain, other tokens (e.g. BTC and ETH) can be added to the EGP.

2.B

Effect Reputation Score

Users in the Effect Network are rewarded for the amount of effort and work
they do. This could allow malevolent users to gain wealth by submitting large
quantities of work with poor quality [5]. To avoid users submitting work with
bad quality, the network will appraise users by their quality of work. Users that
put in good effort will get a higher Effect.AI Reputation Score (ERS), and users
that put in poor effort will get a lower ERS. This score will gradually expire
over time. Workers with a higher ERS will be able to apply for higher rewarding
tasks than workers with a lower score. Furthermore, workers with higher, rather
than lower, ERS will have to pay a lower fee over their recieved EFX tokens to
the EGP.
ERS is credited to users ad-hoc when they are rated for good work. There
are two ways this can happen:
1. The task owner can add Ground Truth / Known Answer ratings of examples. If a worker rates an example similar to the ground truth provide by
the task owner, they are rewarded ERS, else they lose this score. Ground
Truth examples are stored encrypted on the blockchain and the decryption
key is shared by the requester after the task has expired. Thus the rating
takes place after task expiration time.
2. Workers that deliver similar work and performance on the same Human
Page 11

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Intelligence Tasks (HIT) (section 3) are credited with ERS. This is done
periodically and at random. Workers that consequently give deviant feedback are subtracted ERS.
The ERS function is represented in eq. (2). Let F (t) be the degradation
function of positive scores, and negative scores, over time. Let P be a set of
positive score-time entries p, and N be a set of negative score-time entries n.

ERS =


X

NP 
NN 
X
pi,score × F (pi,time ) − ω
ni,score × F (ni,time )
i

(2)

i

Where NP is the total number of positive evaluations, and NN is the total
number of negative evaluations. ω is the weight factor for negative scores that is
governed (section 2.D) to maintain a healthy and effective workforce in Effect.AI.
As of now, we found a linear degradation in F (t), and a weight ω = 5 assures
best results in our simulations.

2.C

Galaxy Allowance

Another use case of the Galaxy Pool is to provide liquidity on the supply side
of EFX. Earlier we saw how “consumers” of services can purchase G-EFX which
is only spendable to Effect Service Contracts. In a similar way “producers” of
services are able to sell EFX to the EGP at fixed rates. As the rates can be
profitable compared to market, this exchange must be restricted to contributors
of the network. To accomplish this we introduce Galaxy Allowance.
Any person or algorithm on the network that earns EFX tokens from an ESC,
gets an equal amount of Effect.AI Galaxy Allowance (EGA). EGA can be used
to sell an amount of EFX tokens to the EGP at a very profitable rate. This rate
is maintained by the Effect.AI Council (section 2.F) through voting. This way
Workers and algorithms are not dependent on market fluctuation of EFX tokens
as they can always sell their earning at stable rates. The general Effect.AI
exchange protocol is reflected in eq. (3), eq. (4), and eq. (5). The exchange

Page 12

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

rates cNEO , cGAS , and cNEP5 remain constant until the Effect.AI Council changes
them.

2.D

NEO = cNEO × EFX

(3)

GAS = cGAS × EFX

(4)

NEP5 = cNEP5 × EFX

(5)

Governance

The blockchain is immutable by nature, yet the Effect Network has to be able
to continuously adapt to market and research developments. This means the
network needs a mechanism to apply changes to its components when necessary.
There are two types of changes that can be applied. Firstly, there are the
variables defined in Smart Contracts (SCs) that can change over time. Examples
of SCs’ variables that can change over time are the exchange rates in the EGP
and the fees over service transactions. Secondly, the smart contracts themselves
need to be changeable with sufficient agreement: introducing new SCs - like new
task types - and amending existing contracts will be necessary in the future.
As the Effect Network is decentralized there can not be a single person or
organization authoring these changes. To fix this, the network has a governance
system that allows prominent people in the community to propose and vote for
improvements as explained in section 2.E. Right to vote is at first acquired by
selected individuals as discussed in section 2.F.

2.E

Improvement Proposals

Both smart contracts and service variable adjustments should be submitted to
an improvement proposal system. Each proposal contains logic for adjusting
parts of the ecosystem. A proposal is only executed if a majority of the council
members voted in favor of it within a time limit.

Page 13

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

2.F

REV-1.1

Effect Council

The Effect.AI Council (EC) is a group of individuals that are allowed to cast a
vote on improvement proposals. This council is dynamic in size; one can leave
the group at any time and new members can join if they are approved by the
majority. The council members are responsible to continuously apply changes
to the network so it can adapt to the dynamic market.

2.G

Implementation

This section contains examples of how the platform would function when built
on the NEO blockchain. NEO is a blockchain that uses Delegate Byzantine Fault
Tolerance (dBFT) consensus and features Turing-complete SCs. It also has
features for user identification and file storage that make it a very suitable host
for the Effect Network .
Galaxy Pool: NEO and GAS In NEO there are two native tokens: NEO and GAS.
GAS is a utility token used for paying network fees. These are fees associated with
deploying and executing smart contracts. NEO acts as a share in the platform;
holding NEO gives a payout in GAS from network usage. In this setup, the EGP
should hold a combination of EFX, NEO and GAS to function correctly. The NEO is
used to payout workers at a stable exchange rate and to increase the GAS stake
by collecting dividend. As NEO is indivisible the rate should be defined in

EFX
NEO .

The GAS is used to pay any network fees to users of the network, so workers
will not have to go to an exchange to use the platform. The GAS is also used to
deploy new smart contracts and amend existing smart contracts. This is crucial
as the Effect Network will be developing all the time.

Page 14

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

There are no great limits to
growth because there are no limits
of human intelligence,
imagination, and wonder.
Ronald Reagan

3

Phase 1: Effect.AI Force

The Effect.AI Force (EF) platform is a decentralized, peer-to-peer marketplace for tasks that require human intelligence. It provides similar features
as centralized services like Amazon Mechanical Turk6 , Fiverr7 , Crowdsource8
and Guru.com9 . It is a crowdsourcing technology that enables Requesters (section 3.A) to submit tasks that can be completed by human agents in exchange
for compensation. Workers (section 3.B) can accept tasks from Requesters at
any time, anywhere and from any device. The tasks are called Human Intelligence Tasks (HIT). The providers of the HITs are called Requesters. When a
Worker completes a HIT, they are paid with cryptographic EFX tokens.

3.A

Requesters

Requesters can put tasks (see section 3.C) on the EF platform to be completed by
workers. The requesters can decide how many EFX the workers will get for each
completed task. The requesters can retrieve the results from the EF platform
and use these results to, for example: train their Artificial Intelligence (AI)
algorithm. EF gives requesters access to an on-demand, scalable and distributed
workforce.

3.B

Workers

Workers can complete the tasks from the requesters in exchange for the EFX
tokens tied to these HITs (see section 3.C).
6 https://www.mturk.com/
7 https://www.fiverr.com/
8 https://www.crowdsource.com/
9 https://www.guru.com/

Page 15

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Requester
Interface
submit
& deposit

upload
Decentralized
File Storage

3. fetch
files

Worker
Interface

1. register

Tasks

6. payout

4. submit
work

2. invoke job
contract
5. approve work

Task contracts

Figure 4: Process of submitting tasks on the Effect Force

3.C

Tasks

A HIT task represents a piece of work that has been submitted by a Requester,
and can be accepted by Workers that match its requirements. Each task points
to a data set that can contain any amount of media assets. The contract ID
of the task will validate the format of the data. Extracting and presenting
examples from the data set is done by the user interface. A task has at least
the properties shown in table 1.
The structure and required feedback for a task is defined by the contract
ID and the blueprint. Each type of task requires a smart contract to handle
interaction. Effect.AI maintains a database of deployed smart contracts to make
it easy for requesters and workers to interact with the network. Adding smart
contracts to the network is handled through governance (section 2.D). Affiliate
programs will cover costs of deploying new contract types.

Page 16

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

Property
Data set
Description
Contract ID
Blueprint
Required ERS
Reward
Num. ratings
Rating timeout
Expiration
Sequence ID
Data credentials

REV-1.1

Description
URL
description of the task
smart contract that will handle task
data for the contract
require trusted users
rewarded EFX upon completion
number of ratings per user
timeout on performing a rating
block ID after which task expires
for sequencing examples (optional)
to unlock private data sets
Table 1: Properties of a HIT

3.D

Data sets

Data sets are often large and consist of various types of media. A blockchain is
not a suitable database for storing this kind of information. Other decentralized
storage options, like BitTorrent10 and IPFS11 , are specialized in these types of
assets. For this reason, the network will use a similar hash-based distributed
file storage, where each media asset can be referred to by a single hash.
Note that the feedback on a task can also involve storing media assets, for
example in tasks like image segmentation. In this case the ratings asset will be
stored on the distributed storage, and a hash and checksum of the rating are
stored on the blockchain.
Requesters will also be able to supply data sets through traditional channels,
like Amazon S312 , Google Cloud Storage13 , or File Transfer Protocol (FTP)14 .

3.E

Privacy

The blockchain is decentralized and open by nature. These properties are not
always desirable, for example when privacy is concerned. There are several
10 http://www.bittorrent.com/
11 https://ipfs.io/
12 https://aws.amazon.com/s3/
13 https://cloud.google.com/storage/
14 https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol/

Page 17

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

measures that must be taken to make sure the Effect Network can be used for
sensitive information. The network can provide privacy for the following cases:
Data sets Requesters can provide their data set in encrypted form. Only selected users will be able to decrypt or access the data. This is determined
by network smart contracts using Public Key Encryption, ensuring only
selected users can decrypt the data set credentials.
User ratings Ratings of tasks performed by workers are stored on the blockchain
using Public Key Encryption. The public key of the owner is used to sign
the ratings, so only the owner of the task can view the ratings.
Tasks that involve privacy features will be more computationally expensive,
thus having a higher network fee.

Page 18

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

I believe that at the end of the
century the use of words and
general educated opinion will have
altered so much that one will be
able to speak of machines thinking
without expecting to be
contradicted.
Alan Turing

4

Phase 2: Effect.AI Smart Market

The Effect.AI Smart Market (ESM) is a decentralized marketplace where AI
algorithms can exchange their services. An application owner can register on
the exchange by specifying a public endpoint of his or her application, following
our data interchange format and specifying a usage fee for consumers. This
application can now be invoked through smart contracts on the blockchain.
The caller of the contract will have to transfer the required funds to the owner
of the contract to get an authorization token that allows him or her to interact
with the application.
The exchange protocol can be built directly onto the Effect.AI interface
setup proposed in section 2, where the agents receiving EFX tokens are the ones
supplying AI algorithms, and the agents providing EFX tokens for these services
are the Requesters. The Effect.AI Galaxy Pool (EGP) is merely used in the
background to ensure liquidity. The EGP enables payments for these services
with native tokens, as well as EFX tokens. At this point Smart Contracts (SCs)
will ensure and improve availability of the services that are requested and/or
provided by agents in the network.
Two important pillars in the ESM are the application registry and the endpoints. The following subsections will describe the application registry (section 4.A) and endpoints (section 4.B) in more detail.

Page 19

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

Applications

Applications
Buying
Agents

Galaxy
EFX

Effect Interface
(Smart Contracts)
EFX

NEO, GAS
& NEP5
Galaxy
EFX

REV-1.1

Galaxy
Pool

Selling
Agents

EFX

NEO, GAS
& NEP5
EFX

Figure 5: Diagram of the Effect Smart Market

4.A

Application registry

The network will maintain a registry of available applications. This registry will
be enriched with a semantic ontology that describes the application, as well as
a technical schema of its inputs and outputs.
Thanks to the application registry, algorithms are able to explore possible
collaborations over the blockchain. It also encourages standardization of data
exchange formats, as interoperability with other applications means more interactions, providing an obvious financial incentive.

4.B

Endpoints

Application endpoints on the ESM communicate over the HTTP protocol. Data
is exchanged in JSON format and should strongly confirm the defined RDF
schema.
Requests signed with the private key of the buyer will be accepted by the
endpoint. Issuing authorization tokens and checking their validity can be done
by public APIs that hold a partial index of the blockchain. They could request
small fees for providing this service.

Page 20

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Alone we can do so little; together
we can do so much.
Helen Keller

5

Phase 3: Effect.AI Power

Phase 1 and 2 of the Effect Network decentralized the data gathering and usage
of AI algorithms. Up to this point the algorithms themselves still run on centralized servers. In the final phase of the network the actual computation will
be distributed so that the algorithms run globally without a single point of failure. To achieve this we use the fact that most machine learning algorithms have
rigid structure and operate on sets of weights. These types of algorithms are
relatively easy to distribute. The Effect Network decentralized compute engine
is based on popular Deep Learning (DL) frameworks like Caffe15 , MXNet16 ,
and TensorFlow17 , where the network structure can be defined as a declarative
graph and weights are stored as matrices of real numbers. These matrices can
be distributed over a decentralized file system and be processed at different
compute nodes on the network.

15 http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/
16 https://mxnet.apache.org/
17 https://www.tensorflow.org/

Page 21

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

Control is as much an effect as a
cause, and the idea that control is
something you exert is a real
handicap to progress
Steve Grand

6

Conclusion

Having an open, accessible and affordable platform for intelligent algorithms
to operate and develop will be a key component in the coming century. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and decentralization are a natural match and should
be enforced more in the future. The vision and development roadmap of the
Effect.AI Network (Effect Network ) is to create an accessable and decentralized
AI market.
Community The Effect Network is fueled by EFX tokens that allow for fair,
decentralized and peer-to-peer exchange for everything related to AI. EFX tokens
are NEP5 conform and operate directly within the NEO smart economy blockchain.
Galaxy Pool One of the most unique facets of Effect.AI is the Effect.AI
Galaxy Pool (EGP). The EGP is a governed exchange system and pool. The
EGP is filled with both native NEO and GAS, as wel as, EFX and other NEP5 tokens.
This setup assures stable exchange rates. Furthermore, the EGP construction
will allow to increase liquidity by providing, for example, beneficial exchange in
the first phase of the network.
Prospects Besides a strong community driven platform and token exchange
Galaxy Pool, the Effect Network will develop three different AI service markets,
in consecutive phases. The first phase is called Effect.AI Force (EF) and is
similar to Amazon’s Mechanical Turk data labeling platform. Effect.AI will
effectively push the microtask platform on the blockchain using Effect.AI Service
Contract (ESC)s, the smart contracts in the Effect Network . The second phase,
Effect.AI Smart Market (ESM), builds upon the first phases by expanding the
Page 22

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

service market, not only for data, but with algorithms as well. The ESM allows
agents in the Effect Network to share, compare, and exchange AI algorithms.
The third, and last, phase is called Effect.AI Power (EP) and allows for complete
sharing of computational powerin the Effect Network . EP completes the Effect
Network . The effect of this network will define the futur relationship between
humans and AI.

Page 23

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

List of Abbreviations
Effect Network

Effect.AI Network . 5–8, 11, 13, 14, 18, 21–23

G-EFX

Galaxy-EFX tokens. 9, 10, 12

AI

Artificial Intelligence. 1, 3–8, 15, 19, 21–23

CV

Computer Vision. 4

dBFT

Delegate Byzantine Fault Tolerance. 14

DL

Deep Learning. 21

EC

Effect.AI Council. 14

EF

Effect.AI Force. 6, 7, 15, 22

EGA

Effect.AI Galaxy Allowance. 8, 12

EGP

Effect.AI Galaxy Pool. 8–14, 19, 22

EP

Effect.AI Power. 23

ERS

Effect.AI Reputation Score. 11, 12, 17

ESC

Effect.AI Service Contract. 9, 10, 12, 22

ESM

Effect.AI Smart Market. 7, 19, 20, 22, 23

FTP

File Transfer Protocol. 17

GPUs

Graphics Processing Units. 6

HIT

Human Intelligence Tasks. 11, 15–17

ML

Machine Learning. 4

Page 24

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

NI

Natural Intelligence. 4

NLP

Natural Language Processing. 4

SCs

Smart Contracts. 13, 14, 19

REV-1.1

Page 25

Effect Network: Decentralized Network for Artificial Intelligence

REV-1.1

References
[1]

K. Schwab, The fourth industrial revolution. Crown Business, 2017 (cit. on
p. 3).

[2]

S. Nakamoto, “Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system,” 2008 (cit.
on p. 3).

[3]

(2014). Neo: A distributed network for the smart economy, [Online]. Available: http://docs.neo.org/en-us/ (cit. on p. 4).

[4]

V. Buterin. (2014). A next-generation smart contract and decentralized
application platform, [Online]. Available: https://github.com/ethereum/
wiki/wiki/White-Paper/ (cit. on p. 4).

[5]

J. S. Downs, M. B. Holbrook, S. Sheng, and L. F. Cranor, “Are your participants gaming the system?: Screening mechanical turk workers,” in Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems,
ser. CHI ’10, Atlanta, Georgia, USA: ACM, 2010, pp. 2399–2402. [Online].
Available: http : / / doi . acm . org / 10 . 1145 / 1753326 . 1753688 (cit. on
p. 11).

Page 26

