POWERED BY
BLOCKCHAIN

THE NEXT
INVESTMENT FRONTIER
equiglobal.com

PAGE 1

WH I TE PAPE R
Welcome Note (by Steve Wozniak)

1

Our Vision

2

1 Executive Summary

3

2 EQUI Model- A Game Changer

4

6 The EquiToken
6.1 What are EquiTokens and EquiUnits?
6.2 Security Token versus Utility Token
6.3 Security Exhanges
6.4 Technical Characteristics of EquiTokens

23

7 Tokenomics
7.1 General
7.2 Fundraise Mechanics
7.3 EQUI Introductory Fee
7.4 EquiToken Allocation
7.5 Plans for Exchange Listing
7.6 Accepted Payments
7.7 Fundraising Timescales

26

8 Regulation and Compliance
8.1 The Fund: Structure, Jurisdiction and
Applicable Regulations
8.2 The Investment Manager: Structure,
Jurisdiction and Applicable Regulations
8.3 The EquiToken: Structure, Jurisdiction and
Applicable Regulations

29

9 Roadmap

31

23
24
24
25
26
26
26
27
28
28
28
29

3 The Fund
3.1 Investment Focus of EQUI
3.2 Returns Profile
3.3 Investment Criteria
3.4 Project Investment Process
3.5 Allocation of Realised Profits
3.6 Capital Growth and Distribution Policies

6
6
7
8
9
10
10

4 EQUI Team
4.1 Founders
4.2 Investment Team
4.3 Project Team
4.4 Advisory Team

11

10 Risk Warnings and Disclaimer

32

12
15
17
18

11 FAQs

33

Glossary of Terms

35

Contact Us

37

5 The Investors
5.1 How to Get Involved
5.2 How to Achieve Returns
5.3 Ongoing Participation and Updates
5.4 Accredited Investor Ongoing Benefits

19

Appendices
I Blockchain Technology
II Venture Capital Explained
III Accredited Investor Criteria
IV Conditions Attached to US Investment

38

19
21
22
22

30
30

38
39
40
42

This EQUI White Paper document and any appended documents contain commercially confidential information and should not be copied, communicated, or
disseminated in part or in whole to any party without the prior written permission of EQUI.
Readers should read the section entitled “Risk Warnings and Disclaimer” before reading any part of this document.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 2

WELCOME
Steve Wozniak, Co-Founder of Apple Computer, Inc.

IS A
DISRUPTOR TO
TRADITIONAL
VENTURE
CAPITAL
INVESTING
The Woz
Steve Wozniak
EQUI Co Founder

When I was asked to get seriously involved in EQUI with Doug Barrowman and Lady Michelle Mone,
I asked myself, could EQUI make a difference to an industry in a way that I experienced in my younger
days as the Co-founder of Apple Computer, Inc.
That’s a big ask and to date I have deliberately not gotten directly involved in the crypto space, despite
being the keynote speaker at numerous blockchain conferences around the world. The more I got to
know the EQUI team and their model, I came to realise that EQUI is a disruptor to traditional venture
capital investing.
It makes total sense from my perspective to tokenise a venture capital fund and allow
investors to trade their tokens on a crypto exchange, rather than be locked into
an investment for 5 to 7 years, as can happen in conventional venture capital
funds. I liked the idea of wider investor participation that EQUI offers,
giving people the opportunity to back the next hot investment opportunity
that most get to hear about in the media after the event. It’s a chance to
be in at the ground level of a powerful new investment movement.
As a committed philanthropist myself, I like the idea of charitable giving
that EQUI builds into its return models. That strikes a common chord
with me, where capitalism and philanthropy both have a role to play in
business.
EQUI gives me an opportunity to work alongside fellow entrepreneurs
with a proven track record in this space. I too share their enthusiasm and
belief that Blockchain technology is revolutionising the world, both in
business and how we interact with each other.
I am looking forward to my EQUI journey and to making a difference to
this traditional sector that needs shaking up a bit, Apple style.

The Woz
EQUI Co Founder

equiglobal.com

PAGE 1

OUR VISION

In time, we believe the EquiToken will be seen as
a currency of safety, particularly in times of high
volatility in crypto markets.

ONCE IN A GENERATION, A NEW WAY
OF THINKING DISRUPTS THE WORKINGS
OF AN ESTABLISHED INDUSTRY
EQUI is that disruptor in venture capital investing.
EQUI is positioned to sit comfortably between the old world of conventional investing and the
blockchain world, making it a new frontier for investment.
By launching EQUI, our aim is to open up the space to both crypto and conventional investors, and
allow wider participation in an industry that traditionally has been the preserve of large institutions
and Ultra High-Net-Worth Individuals.
The EQUI Fund is an open-ended and tokenised Fund with two main components:

1

A traditional investment
Fund, where investors have
direct ownership units in the
Fund, called EquiUnits; and

2

The opportunity for
constant liquidity
through a tokenised unit,
called an EquiToken.

The tokenized nature of the Fund allows investor liquidity to take place through the trading of the
EquiToken. The Token can be traded on external exchanges and the price of the Token should be
underpinned by the underlying value of the investments that we make.

equiglobal.com

EQUI is backed by a board of successful and
visionary entrepreneurs. We are grateful to
Woz for placing his faith in the team and the
concept. EQUI harnesses our vast global network
to identify exciting new ventures that have the
capability themselves to be game changers in the
business and technological space in which they
operate.
Our established and proven EQUI team will
invest primarily in the technology sector
with an emphasis on companies that can
make significant technological advances and
demonstrate a scalable market opportunity.
Blockchain technology itself is an area of strong
investment interest for the Fund along with more
conventional tech and biotech opportunities.
The EQUI Founders and Team will provide
ongoing mentorship, resources and strategic
advice to enable ambitious companies to grow
and succeed. This approach will help transform
great ideas into reality with the potential to
generate outstanding investment returns.

We believe the EQUI
model is set to be a
game changer in the
world of venture capital.
Doug Barrowman
EQUI Founder

Lady Michelle Mone
EQUI Co Founder

PAGE 2

1 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
EQUI is a technology focused venture capital Fund which combines the conventional
principles of investing with a crypto back end that allows value to be realised and then
traded in the open market through the EquiToken.
EQUI opens up the world of venture capital investing to a
wider audience, both crypto and conventional investors.

Accredited Investors will be entitled to participate in
an EQUI benefits and rewards programme.

The EQUI Fund is both an open-ended Fund and liquid,
allowing investors the opportunity to sell their EquiTokens on
external crypto exchanges at a time of their choosing.

The EQUI Fund operates on an 80/20 split of profits
on realised investments, with 20% going to the
EQUI Fund Managers and the balance reinvested
back into the Fund for the benefit of investors. The
externally traded price of EquiTokens should reflect
the underlying value of the Fund including any
realisations that are made. Prior to the 80/20 split
being made, 3% of profits realised are deducted for
charitable giving.

The Fund will issue EquiUnits and accepts subscriptions
in both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies. If an investor
subsequently wishes to realise their investment, the EquiUnits
will be exchanged for blockchained EquiTokens.
At launch, 1 EquiUnit will cost US$1. Subsequent Issues of
the EquiUnits will be at a price which reflects the externally
traded price of the EquiToken.
At all times, 1 EquiUnit will be exchangeable for 1 EquiToken.
On conversion to an EquiToken, the former EquiUnit is burnt
and ceases to exist.
The EquiToken is an ERC20 token built on the Ethereum
network and is expected to be freely traded on exchanges that
list the token.
In order to invest in the Fund, investors must become an
Accredited Investor. To gain Accreditation, investors must selfcertify that they are a Sophisticated Investor and pass KYC
and AML checks. In this way, EQUI operates as an effective
Private Investors Club, whilst being regulated as a Fund.

equiglobal.com

EQUI is primarily a technology investing Fund
with most investments being made in high-tech,
fintech, cryptocurrencies, blockchain and biotech.
Investments will range from Seed Capital through to
Pre IPO Funding. Up to 20% of investments will be
made in non-tech proposals (such as real estate and
luxury assets), but only where opportunistic deals
can be done at significant undervalue and with wellcontrolled risks. This should provide frequent liquidity
events and help to diversify the EQUI portfolio.
Once an investment is made, the experienced EQUI
team will proactively work with investee companies
to ensure that the best outcomes are achieved for
investors, and the entrepreneurs that the Fund backs.

PAGE 3

2 THE		

MODEL: A GAME CHANGER

EQUI is an open-ended Venture Capital Fund with a tokenised back end that allows liquidity
events to occur through the trading of its crypto token, the EquiToken.

WORLD

EXTERNAL WORLD

• CONVENTIONAL FUND
• REGULATED

• CRYPTO-TRADING
• 24/7 EXCHANGE ACCESS

Unit burnt on conversion

FIAT

UNIT

(USD/GBP/EUR)

TOKEN
Optional

POTENTIAL
INVESTOR

PASS
ACCREDITATION
(see Appendix III)

INVEST

CRYPTO
(ETH/BTC)

FUND

ISSUES

TRADED ON INTERNAL
OR EXTERNAL CRYPTO
EXCHANGES

LIQUIDITY
Stored on internal
Fund register

Held in Secure
Wallet

Converted 1 for 1

equiglobal.com

PAGE 4

EQUI is a disruptor to conventional Venture Capital models and has a number of distinct advantages:

1 2 3
ULTIMATE

AN OPEN-ENDED

FLEXIBILITY &

FUND DESIGNED

A POTENTIAL

LIQUIDITY OF

TO RUN IN

CRYPTOCURRENCY

INVESTMENT

PERPETUITY

OF SAFETY

Firstly, the EquiToken provides
investors with the opportunity to
exit from their investment at any
point in time to suit their timescales
and return preferences. By having
the EquiToken listed on crypto
exchanges, it means there is a large
market of purchasers for the Token,
ensuring its liquidity.

The second major advantage that EQUI confers
is that the Fund is open-ended and is intended to
run in perpetuity. This allows the Fund to exit its
investments at the optimal time, when either the
market is strong and/or the investee company
has reached the point in its lifecycle that offers
optimal returns. Venture Capital Funds that have
a set lifespan often have to sell their investments
down at a sub-optimal value when a particular
Fund is coming to the end of its term.

Thirdly, the cryptocurrency trading market
is considered volatile, partly because the
value of various cryptocurrencies are
based on market sentiment and not on
any underlying assets. As the pricing of
EquiTokens should reflect the value of
the Fund NAV, they have the potential to
become a cryptocurrency of safety during
periods of high volatility in crypto markets.

These crypto exchanges are running
24-7 and transactions are almost
instantaneous, giving investors
the ultimate flexibility on when to
exit their investment. This trading
process is external to the Fund,
reducing the administrative burden
and allowing the EQUI Investment
Team to focus on its primary purpose
of investing.

equiglobal.com

EQUI will accept both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies into the Fund and is designed to
appeal to both conventional and crypto investors.
The aim is create wider investor participation in the EQUI Fund and to enable Institutions and
individuals alike to get involved. Providing prospective investors are able to pass the entry
level requirements of the Accreditation process to become an Accredited Investor, they are
eligible to buy into the Fund. Appendix III details the Accreditation process.

PAGE 5

3 THE FUND
3.1 Investment focus of EQUI
The EQUI Fund is primarily a technology Fund
covering all areas of innovative technology,
services, applications and products in new,
emerging and established tech sectors.
Examples of such sectors are high-tech (e.g.
software, hardware and engineering), fintech,
cryptocurrencies, blockchain and biotech.
The Fund will also look at backing technologyenabled transformative ideas in more
traditional sectors. The time-to-maturity will
range from the short-term (less than 1 year) to
several years (typically 3 to 5 years) , depending
on the expected risk and reward profile of each
opportunity.
It is expected that the majority of investments
will be made into the opportunities described
above. However the Fund’s mandate will also
allow investment in non-tech sectors, up to
a maximum of 20% of the Fund value at any
time. This allows advantage to be taken of
highly interesting proposals that can provide
significant returns, typically within a 12 month
timescale. Examples of non-tech investing
include short-term real estate opportunities
and luxury assets such as art and other
investment collectibles. This allocation into
non-tech investments is designed to permit
diversification within the Fund away from
non-asset backed opportunities and to provide
shorter term liquidity events.

equiglobal.com

3.1.1 Tech Investing (Primary Focus)
The aim is to build a balanced portfolio of tech opportunities
ranging from early stage through to pre IPO opportunities.
The decision has been taken not to concentrate purely on
blockchain-enabled proposals, since many of the ventures
in this sector still remain unproven with too much hope
value attached. Whilst it is essential to back blockchain
as a technology, lucrative returns can also be made in the
more traditional tech and biotech areas. The key is to have
a balanced portfolio with no Fund over exposure to any
one investment or sector.

3.1.2 Non-tech Investing (Secondary Focus)
While it is not possible to list all eventualities, the following two categories are areas where the
team has considerable experience:
• Real Estate: No speculative developments will be undertaken and the focus on investment
here will be to acquire distress assets at undervalue, which can then be traded on relatively
quickly to generate Fund returns. In addition, bridging finance will be considered on real estate
projects, but only where premium returns can be generated on a fully-secured basis.
• Luxury Assets: The Fund is prepared to acquire luxury collectibles such as art and cars at
significant undervalue, where these assets can be traded on at auction. Alternatively, it might
lend against secured assets on a short term basis for typically 3 to 6 months in return for a
premium monthly interest rate. In the event that loans are not repaid within agreed timescales,
the Fund will exercise its security and ownership of the asset will revert to the Fund for
subsequent sale. It is expected that advances of up to 50% of net realisable value will be made
against luxury asset classes.
In summary, the primary focus of investing and predicted main driver of enhanced Fund value
will be tech investing. This suits the entrepreneurial profiles of the Founders and the EQUI
Investment Management team. However, the non-tech side of the Fund should provide more
frequent liquidity events and generate ongoing interest in the external EquiToken market.

PAGE 6

3.2 Returns Profile
3.2.1 Tech Investing (Primary Focus)
Fund returns will be dependent on both the risk profile of each investment made and also on the
stage of development of the investment. The Fund will seek to back technology ventures that have
exceptional growth potential and where substantial returns can be achieved.
Overall, we seek to achieve returns of 5 to 10 times investment cost (“ROI”). Moreover, the earlier
the stage, the higher the return expected and required; for example:

3.2.2 Non-tech Investing
(Secondary Focus)
SEED-STAGE
INVESTMENT

SERIES
A-ROUND
(early-stage)

SERIES
B-ROUND
(later stage)

PRE IPO
STAGE

ROI can be up to

ROI can be up to

ROI can be up to

ROI can be up to

15 X

8X

4X

2.5 X

funds invested

funds invested

funds invested

funds invested

While no returns can be guaranteed, these are typical industry bench-marks that the Investment
Manager and the Fund will consider when sourcing and assessing investment proposals.

For both Real Estate and Luxury
Assets the intention is to generate
minimum returns of 20% on a
project by project basis, with
the aim of achieving a blended
annualised return of 25 to 30%
across all the transactions
undertaken. Non-tech investing
is expected to be low risk for the
Fund given the asset-backing and
secured nature of the investments
planned.

Nevertheless, tech investing is a high risk business, and a prudent manager will make some
allowance for failures within the total portfolio. Allowing for failures within the portfolio, the Fund
will use as its minimum return target a five-year internal rate of return (IRR) of 30%. By allocating
a portion of the tech investment strategy into blockchain projects, this is designed to boost the
return profile. While actual returns could be lower, returns higher than this are also achievable in
a diversified pool of investments in this sector.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 7

3.3 Investment Criteria
Technology Investments
The core EQUI investment model will be to take equity and/or loan positions in innovative businesses
that can demonstrate vision and scalability. These businesses may require not only capital but also
expertise to ensure that outcomes are maximised. The EQUI Investment Management team is well
placed to provide this expertise.
The following general criteria will guide the investment selection process:
•

Vision: A clearly defined business model with revenue generation in mind

•

Experience: A strong, comprehensive, dedicated management team with sector relevant
experience already in place

•

Product/Service: Minimum viable product/service offering in place now or at point-oflaunch

•

Scalability: A scalable business model, preferably global

•

Valuation: A quantifiable business valuation from the outset

•

Investment Exit Timeframe: Typically 3 to 5 years (depending on value-optimisation)

•

Stage of Investment: Seed through to pre IPO funding

•

Geography: Worldwide scope

•

Quantum: In Year 1, EQUI will invest up to a maximum of $5m in any one single investee
company. From Year 2 onwards, a maximum of up to 5% of Fund value can be allocated to any
single investment, including follow on rounds

•

Co-investment: The Fund will consider co-investing with single-parties or syndicates of
other investors and/or funds

•

Minimum equity stake/control required: The Fund will be flexible, dependent on risk, stage,
amount required and valuation

equiglobal.com

VISION
EXPERIENCE
PRODUCT/
SERVICE
SCALABILITY
VALUATION
TIMEFRAME
GEOGRAPHY
QUANTUM
CO-INVESTMENT
EQUITY STAKE

PAGE 8

3.4 Project Investment Process

WILL
TAKE
AN ACTIVE
APPROACH:
PROVIDING
MENTORING,
ADVICE AND
SUPPORT
FOR EVERY
INVESTEE
COMPANY

equiglobal.com

The expected EQUI lifecycle of a Fund investment will typically be 3 to 5 years. The process
starts with Deal Origination and works its way through to an exit within future anticipated
timescales.
Taking each of the steps in turn:

Deal Origination

Transaction Management

The Founders and our experienced management team have
unprecedented access to an extensive pipeline of investment
opportunities across all the Fund’s preferred investment
sectors. This recurring deal flow will be a real strength of
EQUI going forward.

All stages through the investment process up to
and including completion are managed by the
EQUI Investment Management team. Prior to
completion, the Investment Manager will confirm
to the Investment Committee and the board that
all conditions have been satisfied. Once final board
sign off has been given, the investment can be
made.

Evaluation
All proposed investments have to meet the Fund’s general
selection criteria outlined in section 3.3. Several meetings
will have taken place with members of the EQUI Investment
Management team. Prior to credit approval by the Investment
Committee and approval of the investment by the Fund board,
an investment paper will have been written and circulated.
Final sign-off will also be required by at least one of the
Founders prior to final Fund board approval. Once approved,
a conditional offer letter will be prepared. That letter will be
subject to completing satisfactory Due Diligence and Legal
Documentation.

Ongoing Monitoring and Support
Post investment, EQUI will take an active approach
to its portfolio companies. The Fund will assign an
advisor to be responsible for and adopt a proactive
role with every investee company. Access to the
Investment Management team and Founders will
be made available where needed. The aim is for
EQUI to provide mentoring, advice and support for
every investee company.

Due Diligence

Exit

The extent of Due Diligence undertaken will depend on the
individual circumstances of the deal and the perceived risk
profile. In all situations, detailed financial, commercial and
legal Due Diligence will be undertaken prior to completion.
Only when all Due Diligence requirements have been fully
satisfied will a binding investment undertaking be pursued.

Typically exits will be sought within a 3 to 5
year timeframe. The EQUI team will work with
management to ensure that market conditions are
favourable and that the investee company itself is
best placed in terms of its development to achieve
an optimum outcome.

PAGE 9

3.5 Allocation of
Realised Profits

THE AIM
OF THE
FUND IS TO
CONTINUE
IN
PERPETUITY

For every investment in the
Fund realised at a profit the
returns are split 80% to the
Fund and 20% to the Investment
Managers. The 80% profit
share will be re-invested in new
approved investments. The aim
is to compound the growth in
the Fund’s NAV by constantly reinvesting investors’ profits.

3.6 Capital Growth and Distribution Policies
EQUI is an open-ended Fund that will continue in perpetuity. It can continue
to raise new Fund Capital on a continual basis from the selling of more
EquiUnits to Investors. Providing the price of new EquiUnits sold equals at
least the underlying NAV of the Fund, previous investors are never diluted.
The price set for new EquiUnits will be the greater of the underlying NAV
value or the publically traded price of the EquiToken on crypto exchanges.
The second way in which the Fund will receive new capital is from the gains
realised on investments. Gains are split on an 80/20 basis in favour of Fund
investors. The EQUI Fund Managers receive the balance of 20%.Therefore
80% of gains will be reinvested back into the Fund for future investment. It
is not the policy of EQUI to distribute those gains to individual investors,
since we anticipate that market forces will capture the increase in value of
the Fund through an increase in the externally traded price of the Token.
The Fund is unlikely to make exceptional distributions of Capital to the
investor base, since the tradability of the EquiToken provides constant
liquidity for the investor at the externally traded market value.

80%

REINVESTED

In the exceptional circumstance of the Fund choosing to wind itself down,
the Fund assets would be disposed of in an orderly manner over a timescale
designed to maximise the realisation proceeds. This is an advantage over
traditional fund models with fixed-terms, where they are often forced to sell
their remaining assets within fixed time constraints at an under-value.
On a final distribution, a profit distribution pool would be created and
payments from it made initially to EquiUnit holders. The amount distributed
to EquiUnit holders would be restricted to the proportion of EquiUnits still
in existence relative to the combined total of EquiUnits and EquiTokens in
issue at that time. EquiUnit holders would be paid a premium of 25% on final
distribution over EquiToken holders. The amount of the distribution pool
not paid out to EquiUnit holders would be retained by the Fund and ringfenced such that it can be used to buy up the EquiTokens traded externally
in the market.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 10

4

TEAM

EQUI is backed by a Group of
visionary Founders with an
outstanding track record of
success in both investing and
building successful businesses.
The entrepreneurial culture
of EQUI, supported by its
highly experienced Advisory
Board and Management Team,
set EQUI apart from most
conventional Venture Funds.

SUCCESSFUL AND VISIONARY
FOUNDERS, ADVISORS 			
AND MANAGEMENT
equiglobal.com

PAGE 11

4.1 Founders

STEVE WOZNIAK
A Silicon Valley icon and philanthropist for more than thirty years, Steve Wozniak
has helped shape the computing industry with his design of Apple’s first line of
products, the Apple I and Apple II. He also influenced the popular MacIntosh. In
1976, Wozniak and Steve Jobs founded Apple Computer Inc, with Wozniak’s Apple I
personal computer. The following year, he introduced his Apple II personal computer,
featuring a central processing unit, a keyboard, color graphics, and a floppy disk
drive. The Apple II was integral in launching the personal computer industry.
In 1981, he went back to UC Berkeley and finished his degree in electrical
engineering/computer science. For his achievements at Apple, Wozniak was
awarded the National Medal of Technology by the President of the United States in
1985, the highest honor bestowed on America’s leading innovators.

Co-Founder of Apple
Computer, Inc.
Designed the first
personal computer
Winner, National Medal of
Technology
Winner, Heinz Award for
Technology, The Economy
and Employment
Founder, The Electronic
Frontier Foundation
Winner, Hoover Medal
Founder, Woz U
Co-founder, EQUI.
equiglobal.com

In 2000, he was inducted into the Inventors Hall of Fame and was awarded the
prestigious Heinz Award for Technology, The Economy and Employment for single
handedly designing the first personal computer and for then redirecting his lifelong
passion for mathematics and electronics towards lighting the fires of excitement for
education in grade school students and their teachers.
Through the years Woz has been involved in numerous business ventures and his
advice is greatly sought after by some of the largest corporations in the world.
Woz is also a serial philanthropist, having given his time and resources to numerous
educational projects designed to further computer knowledge in schools. In 2014
he was awarded the Hoover Medal, a prestigious honor given for ‘outstanding extracareer services given by engineers to humanity’ and was inducted into the Industry
Week Manufacturing Hall of Fame.
Woz has had a strong interest in blockchain and crypto technology from the
beginnings of the industry. He regularly speaks at Blockchain Events and Conferences
around the Globe as a keynote speaker on the technology and its uses.
He is passionate about EQUI and its ability to disrupt conventional Venture capital
thinking. Going forward, Woz will provide EQUI with his technical knowledge and
lifelong experiences in tech investing. He will also make introductions to EQUI of
the projects that he regularly receives.

PAGE 12

DOUG BARROWMAN
Doug is an experienced and successful businessman who has spent his entire career
investing in and operating businesses. A Scotsman by origin, Doug graduated in
business studies from Glasgow University in 1985. He went on to qualify as a
Chartered Accountant with Deloitte Haskins and Sells in 1988.
Age 22, his first venture was to open 3 paintball sites in Scotland. Awards followed,
and his success resulted in the international private equity group 3i recruiting him
to their investment team in 1989. In 1992 he decided to branch out on his own again,
setting up and developing a successful corporate finance practice which he exited in
1999 to concentrate on his private investment vehicle, Aston Ventures.

Founder, Aston Ventures
Private Equity, Property &
Wealth Management expert
Founder, Knox Group
Founder, The Barrowman
Foundation
Founder, EQUI.

equiglobal.com

Over the next 10 years, Aston Ventures made 13 acquisitions of old economy
businesses with a total turnover in excess of £400 million. In recent years Aston has
focused on technology investments and property investments. Since 2008, Doug
has built the Knox Group of Companies and, as Founder and Chairman, he oversees
a diverse and successful collection of companies whose business activities include
private equity, property and wealth management. Knox employs over 350 staff
across a number of international locations and has funds under management and
administration approaching £3 billion.
As a self-made individual, Doug is a keen philanthropist and, through The Barrowman
Foundation, actively supports education and opportunity for young people. Recent
projects include building multiple schools in Africa as well as a new Prince’s Trust
Centre in the UK.
EQUI is the brainchild of Doug and embraces his belief in what blockchain technology
and cryptocurrencies can achieve. In 2017, Doug successfully launched the first
large scale property development to be available for sale in Bitcoin. EQUI is another
first; offering investment opportunities, backed by leading entrepreneurs to the
crypto community.

PAGE 13

BARONESS MICHELLE
MONE OF MAYFAIR, OBE
Baroness Michelle Mone OBE is one of the most sought after inspirational
entrepreneurs of our time. Recently voted the UK’s Number 1 Female Speaker, she
is renowned as a successful entrepreneur and advocate for equality for women in
business.
Founder of Ultimo Brands International (UBI), the UK’s leading lingerie brand for
two decades, Michelle received an OBE from Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II, in
2010 for outstanding contribution to business; further honoured in 2015, with a Life
Peerage to the House of Lords by the UK’s Prime Minister following her successful
appointment as the UK Government’s Start-Up Business Tsar.

Start-Up Business Tsar to UK
Government
Founder, Ultimo Brands
International
Winner, World Young Business
Achiever
Winner, Corporate Elite
Business Woman of the Year
Awarded OBE for outstanding
contribution to business
Awarded Life Peerage to
the House of Lords, UK
Government

Michelle came from an underprivileged background to found and manage a lingerie
empire that spanned the globe, winning the coveted title of World Young Business
Achiever at the Epcot Centre in Florida in 2000. In the same year she also scooped
the Business Woman of the Year Award at the Corporate Elite Awards in London,
and soon after HRH Prince Charles invited her to join the board of Directors for The
Prince’s Trust, a charity she worked closely with for the next 12 years.
In 2014, Lady Mone decided the time was right to sell Ultimo and concentrate on
other business interests as wide ranging as interiors, technology, property and more.
A successful designer, Michelle also turned her talents to jewellery, and Michelle
Mone for Diamonique is now the best-selling designer jewellery collection on QVC.
Michelle has inspired, coached and mentored audiences and individuals in over 50
countries over the last two decades; sharing the stage as a key note speaker with
former U.S. President Bill Clinton and Mikhail Gorbachev.
Over the past few years she has invested in technology businesses and pursued
interests in the cryptocurrency market. In late 2017 she was pivotal in the launch of
a $250 million development of two residential towers and a retail complex in Dubai
to the cryptocurrency community with her partner Doug Barrowman.

Co-Founder, EQUI.
equiglobal.com

PAGE 14

4.2 Investment Team
Tim Eve
I N V E STME N T DI RE CTO R
Tim qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1996. His early career focused on advising owner managed
businesses, and he successfully led a number of high profile acquisitions and disposals. In 2001, Tim joined
the venture capital company Aston Ventures as a Partner. Over the intervening years Tim has been heavily
involved in sourcing, completing and managing investment opportunities.

Paul Ruocco
I NV E STME NT DI RECTO R
Paul is a graduate and fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants. He was a founding partner of Aston
Ventures and has over 30 years’ experience in corporate finance and private equity. As well as having made
multiple acquisitions with Aston Ventures, Paul advises and mentors several businesses across a range of
areas from strategic planning to change management. Paul continues to work closely with the wider Knox
Group. His experience and skills will be invaluable to EQUI going forward.

David Powell
I NV E STME NT DI RECTO R
David qualified as a Chartered Accountant with Ernst & Young in 1993. Prior to holding directorships within
Aston Ventures investee companies from 2006, David held a number of senior finance positions with public
multinationals and private equity owned companies. He has over twenty years’ experience as a Finance
Director, during which time he has managed investor, banking and advisor relationships. David has been
involved in multiple investment opportunities whilst at Aston and in industry. He currently holds the Group
Chief Financial Officer position at Knox and will also oversee the finance function of EQUI.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 15

Ed Ogden
I N V E STME N T DI RE CTO R
A Chartered Banker and a former Area Director with HSBC, Ed has over 30 years of experience in all aspects
of corporate finance and banking. He is currently Managing Director of Knox Capital Solutions, which is
part of the Knox Group. As a debt specialist, Ed will structure the debt side of any investment opportunity
presented to EQUI across corporate, real estate, and luxury asset sectors.

Andrew Barrowman
I N V E STME N T MA NAG ER
Andrew qualified as a Chartered Accountant with PwC. His experience gained whilst at PwC involved working
with clients in the banking and finance sectors. He previously completed a Masters in Chemistry at Oxford
University. Andrew joined Knox Group in 2017 and was based in Dubai for 12 months, where he acted as
Finance Director on the prestigious Aston Plaza and Residences Development Project. This was the first
real estate development in the world to offer purchases in Bitcoin. Going forward, Andrew will perform the
role of Investment Manager and Analyst at EQUI. His science and accounting background will add a valuable
resource to the team.

Sarah Williams
I NV E STME NT MA N AG ER (PROPERTY)
A Chartered Surveyor by training, Sarah has over 11 years of experience in the Commercial Property market,
specialising in office, retail, industrial, and mixed-use property assets. Sarah currently manages the Aston
Property Ventures Commercial Property Portfolio as part of the Knox Group. Prior to her current role,
Sarah has held management roles on behalf of Ashtenne Industrial Fund, Norwepp, Hansteen and Spencer
Holdings. At EQUI, her role will be to seek out value adding real estate opportunities, delivering on strategic
asset management initiatives and working to enhance property performance.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 16

4.3 Project Team
Richard Lynton-Jones
HE A D OF CA P I TA L R AISING & INVESTOR R ELATIONS
Prior to joining EQUI, Richard was a Director at Crossbridge Capital in Monaco, having joined them from the
Monaco office of UBS. At UBS, Richard was responsible for the growth and development of the UK UHNW
desk, focusing on client’s with investable assets of €50 million and upwards. Before his move to UBS, Richard
was Vice President at Barclays Wealth (Monaco) and Barclays Wealth (Jersey), where his main focus was
working closely with UHNW clients, Multi Family Offices & Trust companies and Institutional Investors.
Richard began his career in finance with Coutts Offshore in Jersey before moving to London to help establish
the U.K. Private Client office for Alliance Bernstein, one of the world’s largest asset managers. Richard is a
Chartered Wealth Manager and holds a BSc in Psychology, majoring in Neuroscience from The University of
Nottingham.

Duncan Cameron
BLOCKCHA I N TE CHNICAL D IR ECTOR
A blockchain expert and an early adopter of cryptocurrencies. Duncan’s early interest in the whole area
originates from the Royal Navy where he was a cryptographer and communications specialist. After leaving
the Forces in the mid 90’s, Duncan worked as an Applications Developer on the early internet. By 2011, he
was buying bitcoin and getting involved in the blockchain space. He is the author of Bitcoin for Dummies and
he has worked on many crypto projects to make blockchain more useable and accessible. His Crypto Wallet
Cards under the brand Prypto represented a big step forward in offline storage. He has also developed a high
frequency trading algorithm for cryptocurrency trading, which the Knox Group has utilised to great success.
Duncan is also the founder of the CasinoCoin Foundation, which, through its CasinoCoin (CSC) brand, is
starting to gain traction into the casino and on line gambling industry. Duncan is involved in other blockchain
applications, including the development of a superfast blockchain capable of high transactional processing
speeds.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 17

4.4 Advisory Team
Stephen Meade
SE RI A L E NTRE P RE N EU R
Stephen is an entrepreneur, executive and business founder who is passionate about creating companies that
make a difference in the world. He has the ability to catapult an idea from pure concept to the creation of a
functioning business. In the past 20 years, he has created, incubated and architected 9 successful technologybased companies. He founded Big Bamboo LLC in 2005 to serve as the incubator for ideas worth building a
team around and bringing to market. He currently is CEO of MonetaPro.IO, which is a FinTech Blockchain
company for Global Companies to participate in Corporate Trade. MonetaPro.IO recently competed in and
won the Silicon Valley D10e Global ICO contest, which to date was the largest ICO competition in the World.
In his earlier career, Stephen was CEO of Upper Street Marketing (Stock Symbol: UPPR); a boutique public
company focused on technology around Media, Entertainment, and Influencers.

Mark Pearson
SE RI A L E NTRE P RE N EU R
Mark is an award winning digital entrepreneur having achieved multiple successful exits over the last decade.
He established Fuel Ventures in early 2015 as an early-stage technology investment fund focusing on high
growth businesses. Along with the Fund and his personal investments, Mark has 18 companies in his portfolio
including fast growth Paddle; a platform for software companies and recently named the UK’s #1 fastest
growing software company by Deloitte and Moteefe. This company was awarded best Angel - VC scale up
Investment at the recent UKBAA awards. Prior to Fuel Ventures, Mark built the European discount network,
Markco Media, from a back-bedroom business to a multi-million-pound company which sold in 2014 for a
reported £55 million, making it one of the largest UK exits that year.

Duncan MacInnes
SE RI A L E NTRE P RE N EU R
Duncan started out at an early age founding his first business at the age of 14 and exiting in his early twenties.
A true entrepreneur at heart, Duncan has always been interested in technology from a young age, and it is
no surprise most of his investments and exposure are in the technology sector. He has been an early stage
backer of some of the greatest technology success stories including Facebook and Deliveroo. In 2004, he
founded one of the largest financial arbitrage companies and continues to provide direction and innovation
to that company. His 465 Investment vehicle now has 53 companies in its portfolio with a heavy weighting to
technology but also covering the real estate, financial services, restaurant and crypto spaces.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 18

5 INVESTORS
5.1 How to Get Involved
EQUI will be an inclusive Fund which is designed to open up investor
participation to both institutions and Accredited individuals alike, regardless
of whether they are from the conventional or the crypto investment world.
Culturally, EQUI will be more akin to a Private Investors Club, whilst following
the guidelines of a fully regulated Venture Capital Fund.

20%

EQUI FUND
MANAGERS

EQUI
UNIT

80%

The Fund will accept both crypto and fiat Currency in return for EquiUnits.
Cryptocurrencies accepted initially will be Ethereum and Bitcoin. Post receipt
of any crypto funds, a conversion into fiat will be made at the exchange rate
prevailing at the time of purchase. EQUI is not a cryptocurrency speculator
and will require fiat to make investments in Fund opportunities.
REINVESTED

EQUI
TOKEN

The willingness of EQUI to embrace both blockchain and conventional world
investors means that a wider participation in the token should occur. We
also hope to encourage traditional investors into the EQUI investor pool,
particularly those who have been reluctant to date to commit to crypto
investing and the ICO market. EQUI is intended to be an easy to understand
business model which will give non crypto investors the confidence to get
involved.
On Issue 1 of the EquiUnit, we anticipate that 70% of the Fund profile of
investors will consist of Institutions, Family Offices and Ultra High-NetWorth Individuals. The balance of 30% will be aimed at informed members
of the public, both conventional and crypto investors.
Initially on launch, EQUI will seek to attract Fund capital from the first
category of investors by way of private sales or placements. In this way,
the Fund will be fully seeded and operational before it fully engages with
the public. Therefore EQUI will not be undertaking an ICO. However, we
anticipate that tokens will be available to purchase on exchanges by the
crypto community within six months of launch.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 19

Investor Restrictions
EQUI can accept investment from all around the world including U.S.
Investors. In accepting U.S. money, we will have to comply with the
additional rules laid down by the SEC and detailed in Appendix IV of this
document.

Accredited Investor
In order to invest in the EQUI Fund, investors will have to be an Accredited
Investor. This involves two stages:

1
2

Firstly, investors will provide evidence of their identity
(i.e. “Know Your Client” – KYC) and information on their
source of funds (i.e. “Anti-Money Laundering” – AML).

Secondly, investors will also have to self-certify that they
are a Sophisticated Investor prior to investment with
EQUI. Appendix III gives clarity on the guidelines and
definitions as to what constitutes a Sophisticated Investor.

The Sophisticated Investor rules will not pose a problem for the vast
majority of EQUI Investors. Where potential investors feel unable to meet
the Sophisticated Investor criteria, EQUI intends to run an Accreditation
process over a 6 month period, using in-house produced videos and
written educational materials.
Once Accredited, an investor is then eligible to subscribe for EquiUnits in
the Fund. An electronic investor profile will be created for each investor
on the Fund’s internal ledger which records the EquiUnits purchased.
EquiUnits can be converted into EquiTokens via a smart contract and held
in an EQUI Wallet. The EquiTokens can then be transferred to any wallet
or exchange of their owners choosing.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 20

5.2 How to Achieve Returns
EQUI is unique in the venture capital world since it is both open-ended and allows
liquidity for its investors at any point in time, with 24-7 access to crypto exchanges.*
Liquidity is achieved by investors selling their tokens on
external exchanges where the EquiToken is listed. The price
of the token should correlate to a strong degree with the
underlying performance of the Fund and the projects that it
backs. Therefore investors in the Token can decide both the
timing of and the amount they wish to sell based on their own
risk-reward preferences.
Perception of Fund value will be guided by regular updates
from the EQUI Fund posted on its website. Speculators in
the token may buy in when they perceive undervalue, and
conversely may sell if the price is considered overvalued.
Market forces will provide a balance, assisted by the
underlying performance of the Fund and the real world assets
that EQUI is invested in.
In time, we believe that the EquiToken will become a currency
of perceived safety, particularly in periods of high market
volatility in cryptocurrency markets.
On every project realised at profit, returns are split 80% to
the Fund itself and 20% to the EQUI Investment Managers.
Prior to being split in this ratio, 3% of profits realised will be
deducted for charitable giving. EQUI as a company believes
that we have a social responsibility to redistribute to the less
fortunate, particularly where a profitable outcome has been
achieved on an investment. An EQUI Charitable Foundation
will be set up to Administer charitable giving. The Foundation
will have independent trustees to the EQUI Fund.

By reinvesting 80% of project profits
back into the Fund, this provides
additional liquidity for EQUI to make
further investments. Market forces
should recognise these liquidity events
and incorporate the news into the price
of the EquiToken traded on external
exchanges. In this way, there is no need
to distribute project profits to individual
EquiToken or EquiUnit holders, as they
will benefit from the realisation proceeds
in the form of an increase in value of the
EquiToken, which they can immediately
sell if they wish to crystallise their return.
For the avoidance of doubt, EQUI
does not control or influence the price
of the Token traded on independent
exchanges. Any EquiUnits held on our
internal platform can be converted to an
EquiToken at any time. The transfer will
be both seamless and transparent using
blockchain technology.

* See section 6.3 for further information on these exchanges
equiglobal.com

PAGE 21

5.3 Ongoing Participation and Updates
EQUI will be fully transparent in dealing with both prospective investors and in providing meaningful information to
existing EquiUnit holders and the market. In this way, a balanced view can be taken on the price of an EquiToken at
any point in time.
The principle means of communicating with the outside world will be through the EQUI website,

www.equiglobal.com
All of the investments made by the Fund will be showcased on the website, with detailed information on the business,
covering sector, management, and financials as appropriate. Regular updates will be given on ongoing performance.
Details of successes and failures will be given including the likely impact of those outcomes on the EQUI Fund value.
The website will also give details of any new EquiUnit Issues and the pricing of those Units.
The use of video content and webinars will also be utilised to connect potential and Accredited Investors to both
management teams of investee companies and the EQUI Investment team. In particular, regular access will be given
to the Founders of EQUI, including memorable content from Woz.
Each year EQUI intends to hold a Conference in a prominent worldwide location, with the aim of going through the
past year and discussing future plans for the growth of the Fund. All Accredited Investors will be entitled to attend.
The highlight of the conference will be a key note speech from Woz.

5.4 Accredited Investor Ongoing Benefits
Since EQUI will be an Accredited Private Investor Fund, the Fund intends to operate a member benefit programme
for those investors who have invested directly into the Fund. The benefit program will not apply to external traders of
EquiToken, unless they have previously become an Accredited Investor.
The types of benefits EQUI are looking to include are:

•
•
•
•

Access to dedicated website content on EQUI and business topics generally
Discounts to products and services of investee companies
Priority invitation to attend EQUI events
Direct investment opportunity into investee companies, independent of the EQUI investment

Over time, the Investor Benefits Programme will be developed further. The aim is to bond investors with the Fund,
thereby promoting a loyal and engaged investor base which shares our values and vision.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 22

6 TOKENS
6.1 What are EquiTokens and EquiUnits?
EQUI is a Fund that operates as an effective Private Members Investment Network. In order to invest directly into the Fund, all investors have to become Accredited
Investors. To become Accredited, investors will have to pass KYC/AML tests and self-certify that they are a Sophisticated Investor (refer to Appendix III).
Therefore EQUI is not automatically open to the general public to invest in. In recognition of this fact, the decision was taken to split the token into two parts,
EquiUnits and EquiTokens.

EquiUnits are

EquiTokens are a blockchain powered crypto token that EquiUnits can be

non-tradeable investment
Fund units received on
initial investment into
the Fund. The Fund has
direct control over the
Issue of new EquiUnits
to Accredited Investors.
The EquiUnit is the Fund’s
internal investment
ledger.

converted into. Once an EquiUnit is converted into an Equitoken, the EquiUnit is
burnt and ceases to exist. Once converted to an EquiToken, the Token becomes
external to the Fund. The Fund has no control over what price the Token
trades at on external exchanges or who buys them. An EquiToken can never be
converted back into an EquiUnit. Since the EquiToken is completely outside the
control of the Fund, there is no need for Token holders to become Accredited
Investors. EquiToken holders have no access to the Fund or entitlement to
receive Accredited Investor rewards. However, in the event of the Fund being
wound up, EquiToken holders are entitled to receive a share of the distributed
proceeds of the Fund.

1 EquiUnit always equals 1 EquiToken.
At launch, 1 EquiUnit will be listed at $1.
On subsequent Issues of EquiUnits, Issue price will be determined by the current price of the EquiToken traded on external crypto exchanges.
The function of the EquiToken is to provide a readily available exit mechanism for investors in the EQUI Fund. One EquiUnit is exchangeable for one EquiToken at
any time. The subsequent sale of the EquiToken in the open market provides liquidity as well as creating a secondary market in EquiTokens. There is no secondary
market in EquiUnits.
Only the exchange of existing EquiUnits for EquiTokens creates the supply of Tokens.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 23

6.2 Security Token versus Utility Token
There is great uncertainty in the market as to what constitutes a
security token. Each country has different tests. We have taken
the prudent view that the EquiToken will be considered a security
as there is an expectation that a return will be generated, and on
any fund wind-up the Token holders will receive a distribution of
their share of the final fund assets.
This is a complex and ever changing area, as individual
jurisdictions try to legislate for and regularise the crypto world
into old conventional models of investment. At EQUI, we will
continue to implement best practice across multiple jurisdictions
to ensure that we are always compliant.

6.3 Security Exchanges
As the Token is likely to be considered a security, it will be traded
on compliant crypto exchanges called Security Exchanges. EQUI
is in talks with some of the largest crypto exchanges in the
world who are in the process of setting up a Security Exchange
or alternatively converting their existing exchanges to be able
to accept Security Tokens. In addition, Equi intends to have its
own internal Security Exchange operational within 6 months of
launch. Our Internal Exchange will be fully compliant with SEC
Rules and Regulations relating to U.S. Investors.
One of the advantages of the Fund basing itself in Malta is that
the Maltese Government has shown a willingness to legislate
for these type of exchanges and provide support and guidance in
this area. This is why a number of exchanges have changed their
operating jurisdiction to Malta, including Binance (considered
the world’s largest by trading volume).

equiglobal.com

PAGE 24

6.4 Technical Characteristics of EquiTokens
6.4.1 Blockchain Powered

6.4.3 Security

EquiTokens will utilise the established Ethereum blockchain. In this way, blockchain technology is
being correctly applied as a digital ledger to record transactions in EquiTokens.

The EQUI platform will provide a
secure and easy-to-use interface.
Information is held confidentially in
compliance with EU General Data
Protection
Regulation
(GDPR).
The standard ERC20 token on the
Ethereum network uses militarygrade cryptography to address
security concerns. One of the
fundamental advantages of using
blockchain technology is that it
provides an unalterable record of
transactions due to its decentralised
network and underlying architecture.

The EquiToken will be a standard ERC20 token that is designed specifically for EQUI’s use.
If the EquiToken holder wishes to retain the Token it can be stored securely in an EQUI Wallet or
traded externally on crypto exchanges which list the Token. Individual EquiToken holders will have
access to their own EQUI Wallet.
EQUI will have a web based application that is accessed through any compatible web browser. The
platform is designed to be simple and intuitive, and provides all the relevant information for an
investor to review
their own personal Dashboard.
EQUI on
FUND

20%

MANAGERS

80%

REINVESTED

6.4.2 EquiUnits Converted Into EquiTokens

80%

20%

The conversion process is simple and is initiated by the Accredited Investor. EquiUnits can be
transferred into EquiTokens at any time. The transfer of EquiUnits into EquiTokens is done by way
high-tech,
ﬁntech,
crypto,
and
of a smart
contract,
which then places the Tokens real
intoestate
a dedicated
EQUI Wallet for the Investor.
blockchain & biotech
luxury
assets
Once the EquiUnit is transferred into a Token, the Unit is burnt since it is being replaced by a Token.
Once the Token is in the EQUI Wallet, the holder is then free to retain or trade the Token on crypto
exchanges which list the Token.
The EquiToken is completely outside the Fund and the Fund has no control over who then owns
the Token or at what price the Token is traded at.

equiglobal.com

6.4.4 Auditing of the EQUI
Platform and Blockchain
Processes
Prior to the launch of the EQUI
Platform, a full independent audit
will be carried out by industry
professionals to ensure compliance
with best practice and recognised
security protocols.

PAGE 25

7 TOKENOMICS
7.1 General
The Tokenomics of the Fund consists of two components, EquiUnits and EquiTokens.

7.2 Fundraise Mechanics
7.2.1 Issue 1- 375,000,000 EquiUnits
The maximum fundraise on issue 1 is 375,000,000 Units. An
initial tranche of 100 million EquiUnits will be made available on
launch at $1. This enables the Fund to start investing in projects.
The minimum target (soft cap) for raising funds is $10 million.

EquiUnits are non-tradeable investment Fund Units which investors
receive on initial investment into the Fund. They represent the Fund’s
internal investment ledger.

Once the initial tranche of 100 million EquiUnits is sold to
investors, subsequent tranches will be made available in minimum
quantities of 50 million EquiUnits. The price set for subsequent
tranches will be the market price prevailing on the external
exchanges at the time of issue.

EquiTokens provide external liquidity for the Fund and this is their sole
purpose. When EquiUnits are required to be traded, they are converted
into EquiTokens and transferred to an individual EQUI Wallet. They are
then capable of being traded independently of the EQUI Fund on external
exchanges. The Token can never be transferred back into the Fund.

7.2.2 Subsequent Issues
Once Issue 1 has been fully invested, Issue 2 of EquiUnits will be
issued at the externally traded price of the EquiToken prevailing
at the time of the Subsequent Issue. This enables the Fund to
remain open-ended and also prevents dilution of the investor
base in Issue 1.

1 EquiUnit always equals 1 EquiToken

7.2.3 Winding Up of the Fund

When an EquiUnit is transferred into an EquiToken the EquiUnit is burnt and ceases
to exist. In this way, there will never be duplication of the Unit and the Token.

Although the Fund is intended to continue in perpetuity, in the
event of a cessation of the Fund, assets will be disposed of in
an orderly manner and will then be distributed to all individual
EquiUnit and EquiToken holders. The EquiUnit holders will be
paid out first and will receive a 25% uplift on pro rata entitlement
over EquiToken holders. The balance will then be paid over to
EquiToken holders. On any subsequent Issues of EquiTokens, the
same 25% will be held back on each Issue, for FMA, Promo and
Infrastructure.

EquiUnits are administered by the Fund. EquiTokens are controlled by a separate
company. The sole function of the Token Company is to provide a mechanism for
trading in EquiTokens. As well as external exchanges, the Token Company has
plans to build an internal exchange within the first 6 months of launch. The internal
exchange will provide additional liquidity for the EquiToken, as external Security
Exchanges come on stream.
Founders, Management and Advisers (FMA) have no entitlement to any EquiUnits.
Their reward relies solely on the 20% equity carry on realised investment projects.
FMA do however participate separately in the Token Company with an allocation
of EquiTokens, as detailed in Section 7.3. This is a separate reward for creating a
market making mechanism that facilitates liquidity in the EquiToken.

equiglobal.com

7.3 EQUI Introductory Fee
As per the industry standard, the Fund will charge an introductory
fee of 2% of committed capital on investing into the Fund. This
will be used to fund set-up and administration costs.

PAGE 26

7.4 EquiToken Allocation

7.4.1 Founders, Management & Advisors (FMA)

The Token Company is separate to the Fund and is the sole issuer
of EquiTokens. Its only other function is to provide liquidity for the
EquiToken, either through its own internal exchange or through
listing on external security exchanges. It has no investment function.
Issue 1- Authorised Token Supply

500,000,000

The creation of additional EquiTokens can only occur when the Fund
creates new Issues of EquiUnits.
EquiToken Allocation

% issued Issue 1

Founders and Team

14%

70,000,000

Advisors

2%

10,000,000

Promo and Community

6%

30,000,000

Infrastructure and Reserve

3%

15,000,000

Available for Conversion

75%

375,000,000

TOTAL

100%

500,000,000

AVAILABLE FOR CONVERSION (75%)
FOUNDERS &
TEAM (14%)

ADVISORS (2%)
INFRASTRUCTURE
& RESERVE (3%)
equiglobal.com

PROMO &
COMMUNITY (6%)

FMA receive their EquiTokens from Issue 1 at time of launch. However,
these EquiTokens are subject to a 12 month lock in period and can only
be sold if the externally traded price of the EquiToken is above $1 in
value at time of sale. On any subsequent Issues of EquiTokens, FMA
can only sell their tokens providing the traded price of the EquiToken
is at least equal to the issue price at time of intended sale.

7.4.2 Promo and Community
A 6% allocation of the Token supply has been made available to reward
and incentivise investors and introducers alike who make successful
introductions to the Fund. Success is defined as having raised money
for the Fund. For the avoidance of doubt we are not running a bounty
campaign or an ICO. This version of EQUI is a separate proposition to
any previous White Paper baring the EQUI name, including the legal
entities and agreements involved.

7.4.3 Infrastructure and Set up Reserve
A 3% Token Allocation has been created to allow for the building of
the Token Company’s business infrastructure including the creation
of an internal trading exchange. This Reserve also covers provision
for listing payments on external trading exchanges. The Tokens for
this Reserve will be sold direct to Investors under the governance of a
SAFT Agreement. This is quite separate to the sale of EquiUnits by the
Fund. Allocated as follows:
Platform, Technology, Hardware

40%

HR, Operations, Fixed Costs

10%

Sales & Marketing, Outreach

30%

Legal, Due Diligence

10%

Compliance and Jurisdiction

10%

TOTAL

100%

PAGE 27

7.5 Plans for Exchange Listing
The EquiToken will be listed on externalas Security Exchanges which
are expected to come on stream in the next 3 to 6 months. We are in
discussions with a number of leading exchanges that have well established
user bases, high volumes and a strong history of customer relations and
security audits. We will only work with exchanges that have open and
transparent cold storage techniques and where owners are listed and
publicly known. In addition to external exchanges, the Token Company
will aim to build its own internal exchange within a 6 month period. The
idea behind the internal exchange is to build it to a standard that can
accept U.S. investor monies under SEC rules.

7.6 Accepted Payments
EQUI accepts payments in both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies.
Preferred fiat currency will be USD, GBP and EUR.
Accepted cryptocurrency will initially be restricted to Bitcoin (BTC) and
Ether (ETH).

7.7 Fundraising Timescales
There is no defined timescale to fundraise. EQUI is an open-ended Fund
that can take in funds at any time. EQUI will initially seed the Fund through
a Private Sale to Individuals and Institutions, both from the crypto and
conventional world. Since investor money is going directly into the Fund
itself, this enables EQUI to start making investments once the soft cap of
$10 million has been reached. Investors receive EquiUnits that reflect
the underlying value of the Fund at the time they invest.

equiglobal.com

20%

EQUI FUND
MANAGERS

80%

REINVESTED

PAGE 28

8 REGULATION

AND COMPLIANCE
8.1 The Fund: Structure, Jurisdiction and Applicable Regulations
The EQUI Fund will be a conventional investment fund limited liability company
incorporated and registered under the laws of Malta, and subject to the regulations of the
Malta Financial Services Authority (MFSA), the country’s financial regulator.
The EquiUnit will be in the form of a share with no fixed nominal value and certain specific
rights and entitlements. Subscription will be available only to qualifying Accredited
Investor institutions and individuals.
The Fund board will appoint (a) an investment committee; and (b) the Investment Manager.
The board will be responsible for the conduct of the company’s business and will provide
final authorisation for investments to be made by the Fund. The Investment Committee
(which may contain members of the board as well as members who are not officers of the
company) will act as an internal advisor to the board, recommending investments to be
made by the Fund. The final decision to proceed with an investment and the terms thereof
will be made by the board.
Malta is a jurisdiction that complies with and helps develop international best practice
and is actively involved with the OECD, the EU and the Commonwealth in modelling
global regulatory policy. The MFSA is a member of the European Banking Authority (EBA)
and the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA). The MFSA forms part of
the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) within the European Central Bank (ECB) and
participates in the SSM Supervisory Board decision making. The MFSA is also a member of
the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) and a signatory of the
Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding with other members of these Institutions.
As described in the section “The EquiToken: Structure, Jurisdiction and Applicable
Regulations” Malta is also a jurisdiction which has positioned itself as a crypto and
blockchain friendly hub in Europe.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 29

8.2 The Investment Manager: Structure, Jurisdiction and Applicable Regulations
The Investment Manager will be an independent company appointed by the Fund board to advise the Fund (and
the Investment Committee) on suitable investments, to propose and negotiate investment terms with third
parties including potential investee entities, to manage the investment process before and after once investment
approval has been given by the Fund board, to monitor performance and to assist the investee entity, as required,
to achieved its objectives for the benefit of the Fund, including a realisation of the investment.
The Investment Manager will be a limited liability company incorporated and registered under the laws of Malta.
Other than as a short-term measure and ancillary to an active transaction on behalf of the Fund, the Investment
Manager will not hold Fund monies.
The Investment Manager will be remunerated though (a) fixed percentage fee of 2% per annum of the funds
invested or held for investment by the Fund (which will be recoverable by the Fund as fees from the investee
companies) and (b) a performance fee of 20% of the net profits from each investment realisation made by the
Fund. Each investment realisation will be dealt with as a single case unconnected to other realisations or the
general Fund performance. The Investment Manager will not contribute to losses incurred and there will not be a
high watermark mechanism.

8.3 The EquiToken: Structure, Jurisdiction and Applicable Regulations
Operation of the EquiToken will be undertaken under Maltese regulations since that jurisdiction is a leading
proponent of regulations related to crypto trading and positively encourages the crypto and block chain industry.
There is a willingness on the part of the Maltese Government to develop and implement regulations and legislation
that ensures the future of the industry in its jurisdiction. In June 2018, the Maltese government passed three
cryptocurrency and blockchain laws that are designed to position Malta an international crypto business hub.
EQUI will take the best available legal advice from firms who specialise in the cryptocurrency and blockchain
world. As legislation and best practice evolves, EQUI will take account of new developments and if appropriate
will adapt its operational rules and procedures accordingly. EQUI is committed to remaining fully compliant with
the regulatory obligations in force at all times.
EQUI will also maintain compliance with EU regulations regarding data protection, including the recent General
Data Protection Regulations (GDPR (EU) 2016/679).

equiglobal.com

PAGE 30

9 ROADMAP
1st October through to 31 December:
EQUI is expected to launch in October 2018. The formative work
required to become operational has already been undertaken.
The 2018 Roadmap looks as follows:

Complete outstanding tasks
Announce Woz as a Co Founder of EQUI
Launch EQUI

January through to 30th September:
Founders, Management and Advisors

Team Complete

White Paper and concept

Fully Developed

Actively fundraise and complete minimum fundraise of
$10million for Fund soft cap
Build internal EquiUnit register

Blockchain and ERC20 Token work

First Phase Completed

Complete Blockchain and ERC20 token work for the
EquiToken

Seed Capital and Investor White List

Ongoing process

Legal sign off on all Regulation and Compliance,
including jurisdictional advice on Malta

Regulation and Compliance

Advanced stage

Jurisdiction and Office Location

Ongoing process

Start making investments for the Fund

Legal Advice

Ongoing process

List EquiToken on external exchanges

Terms and Conditions

Ongoing process

Website Design

Advanced stage

equiglobal.com

1st January 2019 Onwards:

Commence build of Internal EquiToken exchange
Ongoing fundraising for the EQUI Fund
Strong Promotional and PR Activity

PAGE 31

10 RISK WARNINGS AND DISCLAIMER
PURPOSE:

EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY:

This White Paper (“White Paper”) is selectively and restrictively released as
a commercially-sensitive and proprietary business concept and information
(“White Paper Information”) with the purpose of introducing the concept
and receiving feedback from professional advisors, commentators and
potentially interested parties.

In no event shall EQUI, or any current or former employees, officers, directors,
partners, trustees, representative, agents, advisors, contractors, or volunteers
of any of EQUI (collectively, “Representatives”) through any person’s reliance
on the White Paper Information be liable for: (i) Any loss of profits, lost savings
or incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, arising out of any use
or inability to use the White Paper Information; (ii) any information contained in
this White Paper including any expectation promise representation or warranty
arising (or purportedly arising) therefrom; (iii) any losses or damages arising out
of or in connection with the subsequent subscription, purchase, use, exchange,
sale, storage or otherwise of the EquiUnits or EquiTokens (terms in respect of
which are not in any event contained in this White Paper). If applicable law does
not allow all or any part of the above exclusion of liability to apply to the reader,
the limitations will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

NATURE OF DRAFT:
This White Paper will be amended and supplemented in the light of such
feedback and subject also to further professional advice before any form of
offering or prospectus is disseminated to potential investors in any part of
the world. Only at that stage will an invitation to invest be made.

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION:
Accordingly, for the avoidance of all doubt:
• This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer or solicitation
or offer to treat of any sort and specifically is not intended to constitute
an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any
jurisdiction.
• No person may be bound to enter into any contract or binding legal
commitment in reliance on all or any part of this White Paper.
• Any agreement in relation to any subscription for EquiUnits is to be
governed by the terms and conditions of a specific offer document and
related agreement and no other document (including this White Paper).
• In the event of any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions
of that agreement and this White Paper Information, the agreement
terms and conditions shall prevail.
• No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the White
Paper Information. The publication, distribution or dissemination of
the White Paper Information does not imply that any applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.

NO ADVICE:
No part of this White Paper should be considered to be investment, business,
legal, financial or tax advice regarding EQUI, the Fund, the EquiUnits or the
EquiTokens.
equiglobal.com

NO REPRESENTATION:
None of EQUI, and each of the Representatives makes nor purports to make
in this White Paper any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form
whatsoever to any entity or person, (including any representation, warranty or
undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the
White Paper Information) which any such entity or person may rely upon.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION OF THE
AVAILABLE INFORMATION:
The distribution or dissemination howsoever of all or any part of the White
Paper Information may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory
requirements and rules of certain jurisdictions. In the case where any such
restriction applies, the reader is responsible for informing him/her/itself in
respect of the same and for observing any such restrictions, which are applicable
to the possession and/or dissemination of all or any part of the White Paper
Information at his/her/its own expense and without liability to EQUI, or any
Representative. Persons to whom a copy of all or any part of this White Paper
has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have
all or any part of the White Paper in their possession shall not circulate it to any
other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute any information contained
herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
PAGE 32

11 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What is EQUI?
EQUI will be a blockchain powered Venture Capital Fund which combines the conventional principles of investing
in a fund with a tokenised back end that allows value to be determined and then traded in the market through the
EquiToken. EQUI will be an open ended Fund that allows ongoing liquidity events for its investor base.
How Can I Buy EquiUnits?
New Issues of EquiUnits may be purchased direct from the Fund and paid for in both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies.
In order to buy direct, investors must pass KYC tests and self-certify that they are a Sophisticated Investor. There are
member benefits to being part of the EQUI Accredited Benefits Scheme.
What are EquiTokens?
The EquiToken will be an ERC20 token built using the established Ethereum blockchain. When held internally on the
EQUI Platform, we will record investor funds received into EquiUnits. When EquiUnits are required to be traded, they
are converted into EquiTokens and transferred to an Individual EQUI Wallet. They are then capable of being traded
independently of the EQUI Fund on external exchanges. 1 EquiUnit always equals 1 EquiToken.
How is the Price of an EquiToken Derived?
The EquiToken price should correlate with the underlying value of the investments that EQUI makes. This correlation
between Fund and Token should provide a mechanism for external market forces to determine the price of the Token.
We believe this will bring stability to the Token price and we hope that one day EquiToken will be seen as a currency of
safety, where periods of high volatility are being experienced in the crypto market.
What Happens to the Gains Realised on Fund Projects?
When a Fund backed project is sold at profit, gains will be distributed 80/20 in favour of the investors. However, 3%
is first deducted from profits for charitable giving prior to applying the calculation. The 20% will go to the EQUI Fund
managers as reward and is industry norm within the venture capital industry. The balance of 80%will be reinvested
back into the Fund to enable further investments to be made and to perpetuate the lifecycle of the Fund. Since market
forces will capture the enhanced Fund performance in terms of a price increase in the token, there will be no need to
distribute individual profits to individual token holders.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 33

What Will Happen if the Fund Decides to Wind Itself Up?
EQUI is expected to be a Fund that will continue in perpetuity with no need to ever close down or run out of funds to
invest. However, if the decision was ever taken to close down the Fund and distribute value, the final cash balance of
the Fund would be paid back to the EquiUnit and EquiToken holders in proportion to their holding in the Fund. The
amount paid out to EquiUnit holders will attract a 25% premium over EquiToken holders. Once the EquiUnit holders
are paid out, the balance will be distributed to EquiToken holders.
What Investments Will EQUI Back?
EQUI will primarily be a technology investing Fund at least 80% of funds being allocated to tech, biotech and blockchain
investments. We will also look to back other innovative technology, services or product ideas in more traditional
areas. The remaining 20% will be allocated to real estate and luxury assets. Here the opportunity exists to acquire at
undervalue and provide liquidity events at premium for the Fund in a shorter timeframe compared to investments in
technology companies.
Do You Actually Need to do an ICO (In Coin Offering)?
EQUI will initially raise its capital privately from syndicates of investors without specifically targeting the general
public through a crowd sale funding process. This will allow the Fund to incubate itself and grow to a size where the
wider public and crypto community will have the additional confidence to invest.Wider ownership of the token is good
for liquidity on the exchanges that list EquiTokens.
Is the EquiToken Considered a Security?
Although there is no defined criteria for what is considered a Security Token, and it will likely vary by jurisdiction,
we have taken the prudent view to consider the EquiToken a Security Token. As such the token will be tradable on
compliant Security Exchanges, of which we are in discussions with a number of the largest. In addition, EQUI intends
to build its own Internal Security Exchange, which will be U.S. Investor compliant.
How Will I Receive Updates on EQUI and the Fund?
Updates and relevant news will be posted on the websites, www.equiglobal.com, and social media channels. EQUI will
operate with complete transparency and proactively work with investors and the community.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 34

GLOSSARY OF TERMS
“Advisory Board”

A committee established by the Fund Board to advise on matters as might be described.

“AML”

Anti-money laundering. The set of procedures, laws, and regulations designed to stop the practice of generating income
through illegal actions.

“Blockchain”

A digitized, decentralized, public ledger of all cryptocurrency transactions.

“Burnt (Units or Shares)”

The removal of Units from the Fund, and any associated right of redemption.

“Closed-ended Fund”

A Fund that issues a fixed number of non-redeemable shares.

“ERC20 Token”

A set of methods and functions that must be met in order for a smart contract to qualify as an ERC20 Token. They are
designed and used solely on the Ethereum platform.

“Ethereum”

A cryptocurrency and decentralized network.

“Ethereum Virtual
Machine”

An Ethereum-based system designed to serve as a runtime environment for smart contracts by providing security and
executing untrusted code by computers all over the world.

“EquiUnit”

The internal unitized record of investments made into the Fund.

“EquiToken”

The EQUI-specific ERC20 token that will be traded on external exchanges. Its price will be underpinned by both demand and
value of investments made.

“Fund” or “EQUI Fund”

The Investment Vehicle and Unit Issuer. A form of collective investment scheme.

Fund Capital

Total amount of investment available to the Fund.

“GDPR”

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for
all individuals within the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA).

“Initial Coin Offering
(ICO)”

A fundraising mechanism in which new projects sell their underlying crypto tokens in exchange for recognized
cryptocurrencies or fiat currency.

“Investment Advisory
Committee” or “IAC”

A committee established by the Fund’s Board to advise on EQUI’s pipeline of new potential investments, research
investment opportunities, monitoring the performance of existing investments and determining the strategic focus of the
EQUI Fund.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 35

“IRR”

Internal rate of return. An estimate of the profitability of investments, taking into account NPV (described below).

“KYC”

Know your client/customer. A requirement to know and keep records on the essential facts of each client (in this case
investors) as well as identify each person who has authority to act on the client’s behalf.

“Lock In (Lock-Up) Period”

Predetermined amount of time whereby holders of Units are restricted from selling them.

“MFSA”

The Malta Financial Services Authority (MFSA) is the single regulator for financial services in Malta.

“NAV”

The net asset value of the Fund. Calculated by estimating the value of all Fund assets minus any Fund liabilities.

“NPV”

Net present value. The expected net cash proceeds from a project taking into account the predicted time value of money.

“Open-ended Fund”

A Fund that can issue or redeem Units in the Fund at any time.

“ROI”

Return on Investment, usually expressed as a percentage. ROI = (Proceeds from the sale of Investment - Cost of Investment) /
Cost of Investment.

“SAFT Agreement”

Simple Agreement for Future Tokens. A contract that sets out the terms for the purchase of crypto tokens that have not yet
been minted.

“SEC”

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. An independent agency of the United States federal government. The SEC holds
primary responsibility for enforcing the federal securities laws, proposing securities rules, and regulating the securities
industry, the nation's stock and options exchanges, and other activities and organizations, including the electronic securities
markets in the United States.

“Security Token”

Crypto tokens that are deemed as a ‘Security’ as per a relevant scheme of regulation whether in the U.S. (Securities Act 1933
or Securities Exchange Act 1934) as applied under the “Howey Test” or the UK (Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) or
elsewhere. The definition and criteria of this token is constantly changing and evolving until press time.

“Smart Contract”

Self-executing contracts with the terms of the agreement between buyer and seller being written into lines of code that
execute across a distributed and decentralized blockchain network.

“Ultra High-Net-Worth
(UHNW)”

Individual with a net worth of at least $30m USD in constant 2018 dollars.

“Utility Token”

Tokens that represent access to a company’s product or service and do not have the character of a security.

“Venture Capital”

Capital provided to a project in which there is normally a substantial element of risk associated. Typically to startup
companies or small businesses that are believed to have long-term growth potential.

“VFAA”

The Virtual Financial Assets Act passed in Malta 2018 that regulates Distributed Ledger Technology.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 36

POWERED BY
BLOCKCHAIN

E Q U I i s an op en -en ded fu n d th at can a ccep t i nvest m en t a t a ny t i m e i n t h e fo r m o f
e i th e r Fi at (GBP, US D, EUR) o r Cryp t o cu r r en cy (B TC , E TH ). Fo r t h e avo i d a n ce of
d o ub t, EQU I is n o t ru n n in g n o r will b e l a u n ch i n g a n IC O.

CONTACT US
Yo u can re ach o u t to th e EQ UI team t h r o u gh t h e fo l l o wi n g co m m u n i ca t i o n ch a nne l s :
T: 0 2 0 7 0 8 1 3 033
E: su ppo r t@ equi gl obal .com o r ri ch a rd @ e q u i g l o b a l . c o m
W : w w w.e q u ig l obal .com

equiglobal.com

PAGE 37

APPENDICES
I

Blockchain Technology

A blockchain is a digital ledger of transactions or records. These ‘blocks’ of data are managed across an
endless number of public computers (known as peers) that are connected to the network and store up
to date versions of the blockchain.
A block is the ‘current’ part of a blockchain, which records some, or all, of the recent transactions.
Once completed, a block goes into the blockchain as a permanent database. Each time a new record is
completed, a new block is generated. There is a countless number of such blocks in the blockchain. The
blocks are not randomly placed, but are linked to each other, like a chain, in proper linear, chronological
order with every block containing a record of the previous block.
The database is ever growing; expanding in tandem with the amount of transactions made on the
network. The decentralized nature of blockchain technology ensures that transactions are immutable
and thus immune to change, offering full transparency for each and every transaction. Add to that
the traits of increased security, higher efficiency, resistance to error and reduced transaction costs,
it leaves no doubt as to why many are excited about blockchain’s possible future uses. The utility of
blockchain technology is endless, with an ever-growing list of companies, industries and governments
looking to further explore its potential.

The block is broadcast to
P2P network comprising of
computers known as ‘nodes’

Mrs A requests a
transaction to send
coin to Mr B

The transaction
is represented
as a ‘block’

equiglobal.com

?

?

?

?

The new block is then added to
the existing blockchain and is a
permanent and unalterable entry

The nodes in network validate
and approve the transaction

The transaction is
completed and coin moves
from Mrs A to Mr B

PAGE 38

II

Venture Capital Explained

Venture capital is a form of financing that is provided by individuals, firms, or institutions to small, early-stage, emerging companies that are deemed to have
high growth potential but don’t have access to equity markets. Such investments are generally classified as higher risk as the companies are less developed,
and capital invested is often illiquid. However, when the right ventures are selected, these companies are capable of providing impressive returns.

1 2 3
There are different stages of venture capital investment:

Seed Stage

The first external
investment that helps get a
company off the ground

Early Stage

Investment provided to a company that has
successfully proven its concept, in order to
accelerate their sales and marketing efforts

Growth stage/Series A/ B

Further rounds to provide additional financial support to
grow the venture to its next stage of development usually
through an enhanced sales and marketing strategy

Within the venture capital space, the two most typically used structures are equity and convertible debt:
Equity is the issuing of common stock or preferred stock. Once invested, equity is owned outright until some type of sale or liquidity event of the
company. Unlike debt, equity does not require repayment but is invested in return for a percentage stake in the company.

Convertible debt is a loan which gives the holder an option to convert into equity. In the event this option is not exercised, the loan will become repayable
at some stage. However, it is common practice for sophisticated investors to treat their loan investment akin to an equity stake.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 39

III

Accredited Investor Criteria

The process by which a potential investor can become Accredited is as follows:
The applicant must first of all pass all KYC and AML checks by providing details of their identity, address, and information regarding their source of funds.

They then must certify themselves as a Sophisticated Investor or High Net Worth Individual or fall within another available category of exemption.
This is jurisdiction dependent and the potential investor should seek their own guidance on whether they fall under any of the relevant criteria for their country
on residence.
However, for the United Kingdom and the United States and by way of example, the criteria are as follows:
1. United Kingdom
The potential investor may, apart from other exempt categories, either certify as a High-Net-Worth Investor, or self-certify as a Sophisticated Investor as per the
FCA (Financial Conduct Authority) handbook (COBS 4.12 Restrictions on the promotion of non-mainstream pooled investments).
In order to certify as a High-Net-Worth Investor one of the following criteria must apply:
Either - I had, throughout the financial year immediately preceding the date below, an annual income to the value of £100,000 or more. Annual income for
these purposes does not include money withdrawn from my pension savings (except where the withdrawals are used directly for income in retirement).
Or - I held, throughout the financial year immediately preceding the date below, net assets to the value of £250,000 or more. Net assets for these purposes do
not include:
(a) the property which is my primary residence or any money raised through a loan secured on that property; or
(b) any rights of mine under a qualifying contract of insurance; or
(c) any benefits (in the form of pensions or otherwise) which are payable on the termination of my service or on my death or retirement and to which I am (or
my dependants are), or may be, entitled; or
(d) any withdrawals from my pension savings (except where the withdrawals are used directly for income in retirement).
To self-certify as a Sophisticated Investor one of the following must apply:
(a) I am a member of a network or syndicate of business angels and have been so for at least the last six months prior to the date below;
(b) I have made more than one investment in an unlisted company in the two years prior to the date below;
(c) I am working, or have worked in the two years prior to the date below, in a professional capacity in the private equity sector, or in the provision of finance
for small and medium enterprises;
(d) I am currently, or have been in the two years prior to the date below, a director of a company with an annual turnover of at least £1 million.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 40

2. United States
The potential investor must qualify as an Accredited Investor as defined in federal securities law (Rule 501 of Regulation D).
This requires falling under one of the following criteria:
(1) Any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Act, or any savings and loan association or other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Act whether
acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; any insurance company
as defined in section 2(a)(13) of the Act; any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as
defined in section 2(a)(48) of that Act; any Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under section 301(c) or (d) of
the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state
or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; any employee benefit plan within the meaning
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in section 3(21) of such act, which
is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of
$5,000,000 or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors;
(2) Any private business development company as defined in section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940;
(3) Any organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, or partnership, not
formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000;
(4) Any director, executive officer, or general partner of the issuer of the securities being offered or sold, or any director, executive officer, or general partner of
a general partner of that issuer;
(5) Any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000.
(i) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(5)(ii) of this section, for purposes of calculating net worth under this paragraph (a)(5):
(A) The person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset;
(B) Indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale
of securities, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the
amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included
as a liability); and
(C) Indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the
sale of securities shall be included as a liability;
(ii) Paragraph (a)(5)(i) of this section will not apply to any calculation of a person’s net worth made in connection with a purchase of securities in accordance
with a right to purchase such securities, provided that:
(A) Such right was held by the person on July 20, 2010;
(B) The person qualified as an accredited investor on the basis of net worth at the time the person acquired such right; and
(C) The person held securities of the same issuer, other than such right, on July 20, 2010.
(6) Any natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in
excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year;
(7) Any trust, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a
sophisticated person as described in §230.506(b)(2)(ii); and
(8) Any entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 41

IV

Conditions attached to U.S. Investment

Following advice from our legal counsel, EQUI will initially
have to place restrictions on the trading of EquiTokens by U.S.
investors in order for EQUI to remain compliant and qualify
under the exemptions relating to the rules for Offshore
Exempt U.S. Funds. Best legal advice states that we can
issue EquiUnits to U.S. investors providing they satisfy the
U.S. specific Accreditation rules as detailed in Appendix III.
Currently, we believe an issue arises on the conversion of an
EquiUnit to an EquiToken and the subsequent sale of the Token
by a U.S. Investor. Under U.S. rules, the buyer of the EquiToken
from the U.S. Investor must be similarly sophisticated under
the U.S. rules detailed in Appendix III. This means that U.S.
investors will only be able to sell their EquiTokens on external
Security Exchanges which are specifically U.S. Accredited.
Alternatively, U.S. Investors should be able to sell on our own
Internal Exchange, since this will be specifically U.S. compliant,
following best practice under SEC rules and guidelines.
Since our Roadmap envisages a 6 month period from launch
before EquiTokens can be traded on our internal or external
Security Exchanges, in practice we do not see the U.S.
restrictions as overly onerous providing we deal with U.S.
compliant security exchanges.
EQUI will of course continue to work with the SEC, to remove
these restrictions, hopefully as the regulator becomes more
comfortable with the tokenisation of Funds generally; both
U.S. direct Authorised Funds and Offshore Exempt Funds
such as EQUI. We aim to be at the forefront of a change in U.S.
regulators thinking, and we will continue to work with the top
legal firms in the space to achieve this goal.

equiglobal.com

PAGE 42

POWERED BY
BLOCKCHAIN

w ww.e q u iglobal .com

equiglobal.com

PAGE 43

