September 2018
https://euno.co

1. Introduction
The upsurge in the number of cryptocurrency
projects since the inception of Bitcoin in 2009
has brought tremendous technological
innovation and utility models into the
decentralized digital currency space. Despite
that, cryptocurrencies are still to date mostly
viewed as speculative investment and store of
value instruments. This notion has devalued
the potential benefit of their use in resolving
real logistic, economic and societal
bottlenecks, and has necessitated a sober
approach in addressing obstacles to their
wide public acceptance. Indeed, mainstream
adoption of cryptocurrencies continues to be
hindered by polarized perceptions between
different actors – public entities, the financial
sector, merchants and consumers. As a result,
the overall market remains extremely niche,
highly volatile and susceptible to confidence
shocks. At face value, this divide can be traced
to (i) a wide misconception of use in illicit
activities that has suspended the process of
public recognition, (ii) perceived risks to
traditional financial and monetary structures,
(iii) overstated weaknesses in terms of
scalability, speed of transactions and network
vulnerabilities, (iv) price volatility, and (v)
perceived complexity of use. While those
concerns are to some extent valid, we view
that their influence is overemphasized due to
a much more rudimentary cause, which we
identify as the status quo bias. As well as
adhering to basic requisites of security and
usability, diffusion of technologies that
potentially carry broad economic and social
implications compel the presence of a system
that promotes active use and curbs early
adopter risk. Short of such a design, potential
users would more likely retain their
preference for prevalent payment methods,
barring the few for which the status quo
already imposes greater risks1.

Building on that, we assess obstacles to
cryptocurrency mainstream adoption within
the context of a behavioral approach from
which we derive key lessons for the
development of EUNO coin. EUNO coin was
created with the aim of tapping into the core
attributes that have hindered wide public
acceptance while not compromising the key
features that make cryptocurrencies a
revolutionary technology: decentralized,
trustless, immutable and incorruptible. EUNO
combines solid security features building on
previously developed cryptocurrencies that
have succeeded in addressing network
vulnerabilities and minimizing incentives for
malicious attacks. From a user’s perspective,
EUNO is a privacy-by-choice coin focused on
accessibility and usability through platforms
and tools that aim to support commercial
exchange with minimal requirements of
operational knowledge and merchant
infrastructure. Furthermore, EUNO is built
with an aim to survive independently of its
founders in the longer run. It embraces a
community-driven governance structure that
promotes transparency and flexibility, and
facilitates adaptation to the needs of the
market. In terms of exposure and user
acceptance, we introduce into the
cryptocurrency space the Adoption and
Convergence Incentivized Distribution (ACID)
protocol, the function of which is to
incentivize the use of EUNO in commercial
transactions, and promote a wider and more
equitable coin distribution.
The ultimate vision of EUNO is a widely
accepted and extensively distributed digital
currency to be used by consumers over the
air (OTA) in near field communication (NFC),
point of sale (POS) transactions, with minimal
requirements for technical expertise by users
and integration processes by merchants.

For example, in cases of endemic hyperinflation, see
reference 3.
1

EUNO COIN - 1

2. Theoretical Framework
The use of cryptocurrencies as a payment
medium depends on the adoption of both,
merchants and consumers. Although scarce,
empirical evidence suggests that with
sufficient consumer demand, merchants are
willing to accept cryptocurrency payments in
order to gain a competitive edge and expand
their consumer base2; provided that their
exchanged funds are secured against price
volatility. The availability of an undemanding
and uncostly system that would permit
instantaneous exchange of crypto to fiat
currencies would thus fulfill merchants’
financial security requirements, but not their
commercial incentives. In the following
sections, we assess factors that determine
cryptocurrency use by consumers, and
present EUNO’s envisioned use case,
governance structure and strategic model for
incentivized user adoption.

2.1.

A Behavioral Approach Towards
Understanding Cryptocurrency
Adoption

To understand what drives cryptocurrency
adoption by consumers, we utilize and build
on concepts drawn from behavioral analysis
of technological diffusion. Studies undertaken
in recent decades have consistently found
empirical evidence of inherent behavioral
traits and cognitive biases in decision
making3, diverging from neoclassical theories
that assume unbounded rationality of actors.
Those have been widely assessed and
observed in consumer acceptance of
technology, which we view as more relevant
in the context of cryptocurrencies. Primarily
decentralized cryptocurrencies derive their
value from public use. The choice to adopt a
Jonker N. (2018).
Simon H. (1955, 1959, 1982), Cyert R. M. and March J.
G. (1963), Tversky, A. and Kahneman, D. (1974, 1990, 2013)
Sabrina M. Tom el al (2007).
2

new currency, the purchasing power of which
is influenced by its extent of use, entails a
measure of a priori cognitive assessment.
Second, we view that bounded rationality
plays a major role in decision making within
the cryptocurrency space, which in its
present condition is mired with asymmetric
information and extensive misconceptions,
owing to a deficiency in relevant regulatory
and financial guidance.
From the unified theory of acceptance and
use of technology (UTAUT) 4, we highlight the
importance of performance expectancy, effort
expectancy, trust, price value, and facilitating
conditions on behavioral intention and
technology use. We further utilize theories
from behavioral economics to identify
deterrents to behavioral intention and
restrictions to facilitating conditions. Finally,
we introduce the need for an incentive
system to overcome the former and propose
structural autonomy to support the latter.
Modified UTAUT Model for Cryptocurrency Use

Performance expectancy (PE) is the
confidence that the adopted technology will
assist in performing a particular task, in other
words, the perceived success of its
functionality. This characteristic is highly
relevant to the potential adoption of
cryptocurrencies in terms of scalability and
speed of transactions, as well as in terms of
varied objectives and utility models. PE also

3

4

Viswanath V. el al (2003, 2012).

EUNO COIN - 2

correlates directly to trust and the perception
of security, which are vital in adoption
intention. This is especially relevant to fintech
applications due to the high uncertainty
associated with combinations of technology
and financial services5. We address
performance expectancy and trust with
regards to EUNO coin in sections 3.1 - 3.4.
Effort expectancy is the perceived ease of use
of a new technology. It holds a clear
correlation to willingness of technology use6,
whereby user-friendly systems are more
likely to achieve wider adoption than systems
that require operational effort or longer
training periods. In the cryptocurrency space
we recognize the influence of facilitating
conditions and integrated usability catalysts
on effort expectancy due to the available
albeit unevenly distributed infrastructure
that expedites market entry and exit. While
data in this area is also scarce, it is safe to say
that cryptocurrencies have seen significantly
wider adoption rates in countries that
support the presence of facilitating
infrastructure, such as varied options for
cryptocurrency funding, user-friendly
platforms and exchanges, and crypto ATMs.
We address effort expectancy with regards to
EUNO coin in section 3.2.
Price value is the cost of adopting a new
technology compared to its perceived
benefits7. Cost of usage is minimal for most
cryptocurrencies in terms of operational use,
whereas transaction costs are significantly
more economical compared to alternative
payment and financial transfer methods,
including payment cards and third-party
mediated transfers. With that said,
cryptocurrency prices are highly volatile due
to the still speculative investment nature of
use, designating a concern for commercial
adoption. Exclusive of a certain measure of
Alalwan A. et al. (2017), Luo et al. (2010).
Venkatesh V. and Davis F (2000), Shafinah et al (2013).
7 Viswanath V. el al (2012).

price stability, we see that cryptocurrency
volatility is an unfavorable factor in the pricevalue determinant and negatively influences
user-intention. We address solutions to price
volatility in section 3.4 and from a merchant
perspective, in section 3.2.

2.2. Cognitive Biases that Influence User
Adoption
Favorable performance expectancy, effort
expectancy and price value ordinarily drive
what is known as the behavioral intention, an
intention to adopt a new technology. When
coupled with facilitating conditions, intention
becomes actual use. Whereas the promise of
performance expectancy and price value has
sparked user imagination on the potential
solutions that could be offered by trustless
blockchain technology and a decentralized
medium of exchange, cryptocurrencies have
yet to overcome obstacles to mass
commercial use.
We identify the status quo bias as a primary
factor for this adoption inertia. Behavioral
economics defines the status quo bias as an
emotional preference to the current state of
affairs, prompted by inherent behavioral
traits of loss aversion, the endowment effect,
and the effect of mere exposure.
Loss aversion designates an empirically
observed bias of greater sensitivity to losses
than gains8. It influences how people assess
uncertainty and has been observed to begin
at the neural level9 indicating a consistent
requirement in positive decision making
processes for expected gains to significantly
outweigh potential losses. This drive can be
detected in the speculative investment
space10 whereby untrained traders who do
not preempt their predisposition for loss
Kahneman el al (1991), Kahneman & Tversky (2013).
Sabrina M. Tom el al (2007).
10 Michael S. Haigh and John A. List (2005).

5

8

6

9

EUNO COIN - 3

aversion, tend to make riskier investment
choices in market uptrends, and over-ask on
the sell-side in market downturns.
# BTC Unique Addresses vs BTC/USD Prices

Loss aversion in cryptocurrencies similarly
correlates to the endowment effect, a strong
preference for what we already own11. The
endowment effect prompts people to demand
much more to give up what they have, than
they would be willing to pay to acquire it12.
We observe the influence of loss aversion and
the endowment effect as two-fold in the
cryptocurrency space, restricting market
entry with exceptions of substantial
perceived upside, and limiting the use of
already held cryptocurrencies. As a result,
and “because we tend to overvalue current
benefits and undervalue potential gains, we
also strongly favor the option already in place
relative to alternatives”13. This statement
underlies the status quo bias, which in our
view is one of the major obstacles so far
preventing cryptocurrency adoption as a
medium of exchange.
Effects of Biases and Inadequate Facilitating
Conditions

2.3. Disincentives for Use from a Value
Perspective
Under current conditions, potential
cryptocurrency adopters are more likely to
retain the status quo of utilizing available
payment tools due to price-value
considerations, in addition to a general
deficiency in market trust and insufficient
facilitating conditions, which reinforce the
loss aversion and endowment effects. It is
more likely for new users to enter the
cryptocurrency space as investors due to the
perceived upside and availability of
investment tools and platforms, compared to
the marginal upside from actual use of
cryptocurrencies. Similarly, cryptocurrency
investors would be better off waiting for a
future period in the process of adoption or
acceptance to utilize their holdings in
commercial exchange, with a broad market
consensus that more use would drive the
value of a cryptocurrency. Assuming an
investor with 𝒙 holdings of cryptocurrency 𝒊
at price 𝒑 and time 𝒕 representing phases in
the life of user adoption up to an equilibrium
point 𝒏 in which price stability is achieved:
𝑡 ∈ {0, 1, 2, … 𝑛} and 𝑝0 ≤ 𝑝1 ≤ 𝑝2 ≤ ⋯ ≤ 𝑝𝑛
With 𝜷 as the anticipated price change at
every period in the time sequence and α the
fixed percentage of an investor’s
cryptocurrency holdings used for the
purchase of a product or service:
0< α≤1
We define the total anticipated opportunity
cost of using a portion of 𝒙 ahead of each
expected increase in 𝒑𝒊 as:
𝑛

∫

𝑥𝑖𝑡 𝑝𝑖𝑡 𝛼𝑡 𝛽𝑡+1 𝑑𝑡

𝑡=0
Kahneman el al (1990, 1991).
12 Thaler (1980).
13 Samuelson and Zeckhauser (1988), Kim and Kankanhalli
(2009), Pankratz el al (2007).
11

Anticipated price increases in the process of a
currency’s life drive a loss aversion behavior
that incentivizes deferral of use. As a result,
EUNO COIN - 4

potential users are inclined at each time
period to defer spending their
cryptocurrencies to the next time period,
indefinitely delaying the process of adoption.
To Counterbalance this pre-calculated loss, a
system that induces a sense of balance or
corresponding gain is needed.
Cryptocurrency Use Deferral Function
0.1
Opportunity cost of use

0.08
0.06
0.04

0

t
t+5
t+10
t+15
t+20
t+25
t+30
t+35
t+40
t+45
t+50
t+55
t+60

0.02

Time sequence in adoption process

2.4. The Role of Trust and Facilitating
Conditions
Trust is a key element in acceptance of
cryptocurrencies. It is influenced by
regulatory factors, public perception and
specific project features such as the level of
exercised transparency. In practice, a lack of
consensus within and across governments on
a singular definition for cryptocurrencies and
the overstated incidence of cryptocurrency
related fraud has limited the process of
regulatory recognition and prompted
negative media attention on the safety and
security of use. Lacking clarity on roles of
sector oversite has furthermore given way to
self-regulation by private institutions in
terms of imposing restrictions to facilitating
conditions. Cases of banks refusing to transfer
funds from personal accounts to cryptoexchanges or undertaking associated account
closures have been reported in countries
where cryptocurrencies are technically
legal14. “This arbitrariness to which financial

controls and monetary regimes seem to be
enacted has resulted in a trust deficit
amongst consumers” (Penfold, 2015).
We view that the presently adverse
environment in which cryptocurrencies
operate necessitates to the extent possible a
system of self-sufficiency, and one that fosters
trust through public engagement and
transparency. This could be achieved by
instituting a community driven governance
structure on one hand, and by establishing a
system that allows for wide coin distribution
on the other. The allocation of coins through a
trustless mechanism enabled by an algorithm
of incentivized use would contribute to
higher public exposure and abatement of
misconceptions, as well as the curbing of
wealth concentration. Such a mechanism
would help loosen the negative influence of
the endowment effect on non-users and
support public trust. Roughly 3.3% of bitcoin
wallets own 96% of total coins. Such levels of
concentration are similarly shared by a large
number of cryptocurrencies. While it is
arguably inevitable that a coin’s distribution
will be highly inequitable in its early life due
to accumulation by wealthier buyers, the
prevalence of such unbalanced distributions
becomes down the line detrimental to
adoption willingness limiting exposure and
trust. The total number of blockchain wallets
created as of the writing date of this paper
was roughly 27.5 million15. Considering that
each individual can own more than 1 wallet
or address, this number represents the upper
bound of possible cryptocurrency users, an
estimated 0.4% of world population.
Comparing this figure to the number of
people with access to financial services
(roughly 3.5 billion), the number of unbanked
adults (1.7 billion)16, or to the estimated 14
billion outstanding payment cards17 (almost 2
per person), lends some perspective on the
limited global use of cryptocurrencies.

Blockchain.info (August 2018).
World Bank (2018).
17 Payment Industry Intelligence (2017).
15
16

14

See references 4, 6, 10, & 21.

EUNO COIN - 5

3. Solutions Offered by EUNO Coin
In order to reinforce adoption determinants
and ease adoption deterrents, a breakthrough
is needed to change the perception of actors
and assign value to potential gains rather
than losses. With that in mind, we emphasize
the necessity of a decentralized
cryptocurrency to actively promote
accessibility and use by creating an incentivefocused distribution network that does not
require on part of its users a threshold of
wealth. Moreover, we develop an inclusive
autonomous infrastructure that facilitates
commercial use without burdening
merchants with integration costs or the need
for technical knowhow.
Proposed Structure of EUNO Coin

3.1. EUNO Coin Basics
EUNO Coin combines a stable blockchain
reinforced by a three-tiered system of Proof
of Work (PoW), Proof of Stake (PoS) and
Masternodes, which support network
integrity and allow a large number of fast and
secure transactions. The EUNO blockchain
runs on the X11 proof of work algorithm that
uses eleven different hashes: Blake, BMW,
Groestl, JH, Keccak, Skein, Luffa, Cubehash,
Shavite, SIMD, and Echo, whereby each hash
is calculated then submitted to the next
algorithm in the chain, creating what is

known as algorithm chaining. The X11 PoW
restricts network attacks by requiring a
concurrent break into its 11 hashes18. EUNO
also utilizes a Proof of Stake (PoS) system to
create an added layer of security by allowing
relatively cheap and energy efficient
transaction validation, limiting the potential
for mining concentration and promoting
additional spread in coin distribution. As
proof of stake validation depends on the
proportion of the stake in the network, POS
minimizes the possibility of 51% attacks from
a security perspective by requiring potential
network attackers to buy 51% of total coins,
the cost of which renders the rewards of the
attack economically unviable. Finally, EUNO
utilizes a Masternode structure to promote
incentivized network support by full nodes
that keep a copy of the blockchain in realtime, eligible in return for a percentage of
total Proof of Stake rewards, and distributed
by user depending on the number of
operational masternodes at the time. EUNO
masternodes perform additional functions
dependent on the embedded protocols,
currently including the DARKSEND feature
that permits users to accept private
untraceable transactions. Other masternode
functions that will be added to the EUNO
ecosystem are respectively EUNO’s
community driven governance structure (See
section 3.3), which permits masternode
operators to participate in key decisions
regarding EUNO’s direction and strategy, and
EUNO’s ACID Protocol (See section 3.4).
EUNO’s secure system and fast transactions
that are instantaneously detectable by
recipient wallets fulfill the cryptocurrency
space’s highest standard for performance
expectancy, and would along with planned
reductions in confirmation requirements for
point of sale transactions, place EUNO as an
ideal currency for near field communication
use.
18

Duffield E. and Diaz D.

EUNO COIN - 6

We note that present protocol rewards19 are
not fixed and will be continuously adjusted,
either through nominal scaling or
reallocation. The monitoring and adjustment
of rewards will restrict sudden inflationary
pressures and allow EUNO to reallocate
rewards to protocols aimed at wider
distribution and use incentives that will
uphold community trust and benefit the
entire EUNO ecosystem.
3.2.

EUNO Coin Use Case

In addition to traditional wallet-to-wallet
transactions, EUNO coin aims to provide a
user-friendly point of sale payment system
that utilizes near frequency communication
technology. NFC technology allows two
systems to establish close-range
communication through radio frequency
identification. NFC enabled payments are
processed when a customer holds their
mobile phone close to a merchant’s payment
terminal, allowing for an instantaneous
settlement. Non-cryptocurrency NFC
powered payment systems have been gaining
traction over the past few years due to the
fast and energy efficient transactions that
they facilitate. However, currently available
NFC payment systems require specialized and
sometimes costly terminals. For EUNO Coin,
this will not be the case as merchants will be
able to use their standard point of sale
terminal, solely requiring a simple software
update that allows the system to accept EUNO
payments and an instantaneous conversion
into the merchant’s local currency. For
merchants, this would provide an exchange
rate risk-free transaction, through a low
maintenance and secure system, prompting
merchant exposure to a new customer base.
For consumers, it will provide a secure and
fast payment mechanism through the EUNO
mobile wallet application, in addition to a
utilization return facilitated by the ACID
protocol. Stressing accessibility and usability,
the EUNO mobile wallet that would allow
19

point of sale transactions aims to minimize
effort expectancy, and offer to the extent
possible an autonomous medium for
everyday consumer-merchant transactions.
3.3. Governance Structure and
Durability
EUNO coin stresses the importance of a
community-driven governance structure that
allows for continued progress in the project’s
development and ensures adequate
improvements in functionality, usability and
security as well as public exposure. The
decentralized governance structure would
give stakeholders the chance to submit
proposals on all aspects related to EUNO coin
and participate in a smart voting mechanism,
following public proposal deliberations.
It would furthermore ensure that
stakeholders partake transparently and
democratically in the process of the coin’s
overall strategy and development, with
proposals, discussions, and voting taking
place over a specialized and easy to use
platform. This process would add a new layer
of long term security and promote consumer
confidence in EUNO’s durability by
preventing partial decision making and
permitting the team to focus on development,
implementation, and marketing.
3.4. ACID Protocol - Adoption and
Convergence Incentivized
Distribution
The ACID protocol is a mechanism introduced
by EUNO coin aimed at promoting wide coin
distribution and incentivizing coin use in
commercial transactions to support exposure,
trust, and counterbalance negative price
considerations including volatility and
opportunity cost of use. The ACID protocol
makes use of EUNO masternodes to provide a
generous share of rewards to EUNO point of
sale users, effectively reimbursing users with
a portion of pos-transacted coins through the
EUNO mobile wallet application.

Details available on official EUNO website: https://euno.co.

EUNO COIN - 7

ACID Protocol

Using the same notation as in section 2.3 and
assuming an equal percentage price change 𝜷
for each period 𝒕 in a considered time
sequence, perception of foregone capital
gains on total use of a cryptocurrency 𝒊 would
add up exponentially as purchasing power
increases, in comparison to retaining the
same number of held coins up to equilibrium
point 𝒏. In downtrends, volatility between
obtaining and using EUNO coins would result
in purchasing power losses.
𝑥𝑖0 𝑝𝑖0 (1 + 𝛽𝑡 )𝑡 (1 − (1 − 𝛼𝑡 )𝑡 )
To counterbalance the effects of price
volatility for users, the EUNO wallet
application for point of sale transactions
allocates a reward 𝒓 after each transaction,
reducing perceived opportunity cost, and on
downside movements, ensuring the partial or
full reimbursement of losses, subject to the
exchanged amount.
𝑛

∫

𝑥𝑖𝑡 𝑝𝑖𝑡 𝛽𝑡+1 (𝛼𝑡 − 𝑟𝑡 )𝑑𝑡

𝑡=0

In order to support decentralization, public
exposure and trust, ACID protocol rewards
will be inversely proportional in percentage
terms to coin use, permitting wider
distribution regardless of initial wealth levels.
By similarly retaining a broad balance with
masternode rewards, this will discourage
system exploitation and keep a sufficient
number of operational nodes to preserve
network integrity. In terms of user incentives,
we expect this structure to balance the riskreward dynamics between actors and
underscore the benefits of collaborative
game-theoretic decisions.
Simulating a game in which two players A and
B can either choose to spend currency 𝒊 that
rewards use with a partial reimbursement 𝒓,
or hold on to the currency until a future
period 𝒕 + 𝟏. A choice to hold would yield:
𝐻𝑖 = 𝑥𝑖𝑡 𝑝𝑖𝑡 (1 + 𝛽𝑡+1 )
Whereas the choice to spend a portion 𝛼 of
the currency would yield:
𝑆𝑖 = 𝑥𝑖𝑡 𝑝𝑖𝑡 (1 + 𝛽𝑡+1 )(1 − 𝛼𝑡 + 𝑟𝑡 )
𝜶

Taking 𝜶 = 0.1, 𝒓 = 𝟒 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝒙𝒊𝒕 𝒑𝒊𝒕 =100, we
measure the net worth of holders for
different values of 𝜷𝒕+𝟏 .
Net Value of Holders minus Spenders 𝜶 = 0.1

∀𝒓=

𝜶
𝟒

𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝜷𝒕+𝟏 ≤ 30%
S>H

Cryptocurrency Reimbursement Function

Clearly, a drop in purchasing power results in
a preferable outcome for spenders who retain
the value of their purchased product/service,
and more so for those who are reimbursed ¼
EUNO COIN - 8

of their expenditures. In cases of increased
purchasing power, the net worth of
reimbursed spenders outperforms that of
holders up to 𝜷𝒕+𝟏 = 30%, whereas in cases of
major price run-ups, holders are better off,
however by a significantly lower absolute
amount than reimbursed spenders, and at
around 50% of the preferable position of
spenders in the case of an extreme price drop.
This adjusted risk-reward dynamic of
reimbursement brings more value to a
collaborative decision of use, due to the
higher risk of a negative 𝜷𝒕+𝟏 in the case of
either A or B deciding to spend.

References
1. Ajzen, I. (1985). From intentions to behavior: A theory

2.

3.

4.

Currency Use Dynamics
5.
Adoption and
.Convergence
.Incentivized
Distribution

A

α=0

0 <α≤1

6.
α=0

(Hi ,Hi )

(Hi ,Si )

0 <α≤1

(Si ,Hi )

(Si ,Si )

B

7.
8.

4. Final Remarks
EUNO Coin was created by a team that
believes in the significance of user autonomy
in matters of personal finance. Technology
has permitted the presence of an impartial
arbiter to uphold these values, free from the
sway of centralized control and bad actors.
However, the transition to adoption on a
sizable scale cannot be expected to be easy. It
requires a gradual approach that would
moderate risks and ease restrictions of habit
to demonstrate what is possible. For this
reason, EUNO emphasizes openness to all
developments in the cryptocurrency space,
and flexibility in the direction of technology
and in strategy. Above all, EUNO stresses its
commitment to decentralization through
community engagement and transparency.

9.

10.

11.
12.

13.

14.
15.

16.

of planned behavior. In J. Kuhl & J. Beckman (Eds.),
Action-Control: From cognition to behavior. 11-39.
Heidelberg: Springer.
Alalwan, A. A., Dwivedi, Y. K., & Rana, N. P. (2017).
Factors influencing adoption of mobile banking by
Jordanian bank customers: extending UTAUT2 with
trust. International Journal of Information
Management, 37:3, 99–110.
Bitcoinist (2018). Venezuela: record bitcoin buying
spree continues amid hyperinflation.
https://bitcoinist.com/venezuela-record-bitcoinbuying-spree-continues-amid-hyperinflation.
Bloomberg (2018). Bitcoin ban expands across credit
cards as big U.S. banks recoil.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-0202/bofa-to-decline-all-cryptocurrency-transactions-oncredit-cards.
Cohen, J. (1988). Statistical power analysis for the
behavioral sciences (2nd ed.), Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence
Erlbaum Associates. Coulter, K. S., and Coulter, R. A.
2007. “Distortion of price discount perceptions: The
right digit effect,” Journal of Consumer Research 34:2,
pp. 162-173.
Cointelegraph (2018). Norwegian crypto exchange
loses case against Nordea Bank for closing its account.
https://cointelegraph.com/news/norwegian-cryptoexchange-loses-case-against-nordea-bank-for-closingits-account.
Cyert R. M. and March J. G. (1963). A behavioral theory
of the firm. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
Duffield E. and Diaz D. (n.d.). Dash: A Privacy-Centric
Crypto-Currency.
https://github.com/dashpay/dash/wiki/Whitepaper.
Dwyer P. G. (2015). The economics of Bitcoin and
similar private digital currencies. Journal of Financial
Stability 17, 81-91.
Extreme Tech (2018). Major Banks Ban Cryptocurrency
Purchases on Credit Cards.
https://www.extremetech.com/internet/263351major-banks-begin-banning-cryptocurrencypurchases-credit-cards.
Grinberg, R. (2011). Bitcoin: An innovative alternative
digital currency
Hirschman, E. C. (1980). Innovativeness, novelty
seeking, and consumer creativity. Journal of consumer
research 7:3, 283-295.
Jonker N. (2018). What drives bitcoin adoption by
retailers? De Nederlandsche Bank Working Paper No.
585.
Kahneman, D., and Tversky, A. (1982). The psychology
of preference. Scientific American, 246, 160-173.
Kahneman, D. Knetsch, J. L. and Thaler, R. H. (1990).
Experimental Tests of the Endowment Effect and the
Coase Theorem. Journal of Political Economy, 98, 132548.
Kahneman, D. Knetsch, J. L. and Thaler, R. H. (1991).
Anomalies: The endowment effect, loss aversion, and
status quo bias. Journal of economic perspectives 5, 1
193–206.

EUNO COIN - 9

17. Kahneman, D. Tversky, A. (2013). World Scientific
Handbook in Financial Economics Series Handbook of
the Fundamentals of Financial Decision Making. 269278.
18. Kaidalov D., Nastenko A., Shevtsov O., Rodinko M.,
Kovalchuk L., Oliynykov R. (2016). A Review of the
Dash governance system. Analysis and suggestions for
improvement. Input Output.
https://iohk.io/research/library/#NSJ554WR.
19. Kim, H. W. and Kankanhalli, A. (2009). Investigating
user resistance to information systems
implementation: A status quo bias perspective. MIS
quarterly 567–582.
20. Kim, S. S., Malhotra, N. K., and Narasimhan, S. (2005).
Two competing perspectives on automatic use: A
theoretical and empirical comparison. Information
systems research 16:4, 418-432.
21. Kryptomoney (2018). Denmark’s biggest bank bans
cryptocurrency trading.
https://kryptomoney.com/denmark-bank-banscryptocurrency-trading.
22. Kurnia, S., & Johnston, R. B. (2000). The need for a
processual view of inter‐organizational systems
adoption. The journal of strategic information systems,
9:4, 295–319.
23. Limayem, M., and Hirt, S. G. (2003). Force of habit and
information systems usage: Theory and initial
validation, Journal of the AIS 4:1, 65-97.
24. Limayem, M., Hirt, S. G., and Cheung, C. M. K. (2007).
How habit limits the predictive power of intentions:
The case of IS continuance. MIS quarterly 31:4, 705737.
25. Luo, X., Li, H., Zhang, J., & Shim, J. P. (2010). Examining
multi-dimensional trust and multi-faceted risk in initial
acceptance of emerging technologies: An empirical
study of mobile banking services. Decision support
systems, 49:2, 222–234.
26. Mahomed, N. (2017). Understanding consumer
adoption of cryptocurrencies. Gordon Institute of
Business Science, University of Pretoria.
27. M. Hearn. Dan Kaminsky’s thoughts on scalability.
bitcointalk.org, 2011.
28. Nakamoto, S. (2008). Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer
Electronic Cash System. http: //bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf.
29. Pankratz, M. D., Willigmann, P., Kovar, S., and
Sanders, J. (2017). Framing the future of mobility.
Deloit.
30. Payment Industry Intelligence (2017). 14 billion cards
worldwide with debit card leads the growth
http://www.paymentscardsandmobile.com/14-billioncards-worldwide/
31. Penfold, C. (2015). Hayek’s monetary denationalisation:
A model for cryptocurrency competition. Gordon
Institute of Business Science.
32. QuantumMechanic. Proof of stake instead of proof of
work. bitcointalk.org, July 2011.
33. Samuelson, W., & Zeckhauser, R. J. (1988). Status quo
bias in decision making. Journal of Risk and
Uncertainty, 1, 7-59.
34. Shafinah, K., Sahari, N., Sulaiman, R.,
Yusoff, M.S.M., Ikram, M.M. (2013). Determinants of
user behavior intention (BI) on mobile services: A
preliminary view. The 4th International Conference on

35.
36.

37.
38.

39.

40.

41.

42.

43.

44.

45.

Electrical Engineering and Informatics
(ICEEI), Procedia Technology, 11, 127-133.
Simon, H. (1955). A behavioral model of rational
Choice. Quarterly journal of economics 69, 99–118.
Simon, H. (1959). Theories of decision-making in
economic and behavioral sciences. American economic
review 49, 253–82.
Simon, H. (1982). Models of bounded rationality.
Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press.
Thaler, R. H. (1980). Toward a positive theory of
consumer choice. Journal of economic behavior and
organization l, 3960.
Tom, Sabrina M., Fox, Craig, R., Trepel, C., Poldrack, R.
(2007). The neural basis of loss aversion in decisionmaking under risk. Science 315: 5811, 515-518.
Tversky A. & Kahneman D. (1974). Judgment under
uncertainty: Heuristics and biases. Science, 185, 1124–
1130.
Tversky A. & Kahneman D. (1983). Extensional versus
intuitive reasoning: The con-junction fallacy in
probability judgment. Psychological Review, 90, 293–
315.
Venkatesh, V., and Davis, F. (2000). Theoretical
extension of the technology acceptance model: Four
longitudinal field studies. Management
Science, 83:1, 33-60.
Venkatesh, V., Morris, M. G., Davis Gordon B., Davis F. D.
(2003). User acceptance of information technology:
toward a unified view. MIS Quarterly, 27:3, 425-478.
Venkatesh, V., James Y. L. Xu Xin, T. (2012). Consumer
Acceptance and Use of Information Technology:
Extending the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of
Technology. MIS Quarterly 36:1, 157-178.
World Bank (2018). Financial inclusion on the rise, but
gaps remain, global findex database shows
http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/pressrelease/2018/04/19/financial-inclusion-on-the-risebut-gaps-remain-global-findex-database-shows.

EUNO COIN - 10

