2

I. INTRODUCTION
1.EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
2. OVERVIEW OF THE PROBLEMS
3. VISION, MISSION & VALUES

​3
​3
​5
​6

II. THE MARKET

​7

III. INDUSTRY PROBLEMS

​8

IV. EVEDO ECOSYSTEM - THE SOLUTION
B2B Marketplace - Connect, Collaborate with Partners & Create events
2. B2C Ticketing Platform - Sell & Buy Tickets for any events with 0% Commission
3. Blockchain
V. EVED TOKEN
1. Tokenomics
2. Token Sales
3. Token Allocation

​11
​11
​18
​19
​20
​20

​23

​24

VI. PROJECT DEVELOPMENT STAGES

​25

VIII. TECHNICAL ROADMAP (DEVELOPMENT FORECAST)

​29

IX. LEGAL INFORMATION

​31

1. LEGAL STATUS OF THE EVEDO WHITE PAPER
2. LEGAL STATUS OF THE EVED TOKENS
3. ELIGIBILITY
4. LEGAL DISCLAIMER
5. CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD - LOOKING
STATEMENTS
6. MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND
NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS
7. TERMS USED
8. NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE

​31
​33
​36
​36

​40

​40
​43
​43
​44
​44

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

3

I. INTRODUCTION
1.EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
​This White Paper (“Evedo White Paper” or “this White Paper”) i​ s drafted by

EVEDO OÜ, ​a limited liability company, incorporated and registered under the
laws of Republic of Estonia, with registry code 14674570, seated at: Harju
maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna linnaosa, Pärnu mnt 158/2-88, 11317, represented by
Mr Stoyan Dobrinov Angelov a
​ cting in his capacity of a Chief Executive Officer
(“Evedo” ​or​ “We” o
​ r​ “​ U
​ s​” or “​ Our”).
Evedo is in the process of developing​ a blockchain based B2C platform​ h
​ aving​,
among others, all functionalities necessary for the announcement and
advertisement of diverse events as well as​ full stack 0% commission tickets sales
and purchase features (“B2C Platform”).
The B2C Platform will be linked to a ​blockchain based B2B platform where the
event organizer can find,​ contact, negotiate, enter into contracts with and pay
upon delivery to ​all​ performers, service providers, venues, equipment rental
companies, creative agencies, staff agencies, food and beverage suppliers and
other ​partners necessary to organize and execute an event​ (“​B2B Platform​”).
Within the B2B and B2C Platforms (“​Evedo Platforms​”) Evedo will introduce
blockchain based smart contracts having predominantly escrow functionalities
such as storage and transfer of cryptographic tokens under terms and conditions
set by the users and/or Evedo. Accordingly, these smart contracts will enable the
use of the ​cryptographic ERC 20 token issued by Evedo’s smart contract which
will be used and accepted as the only means of access and payment for services
provided by Evedo, ticket selling, advertising and other premium features on the
Evedo Platforms​ (“​EVED Tokens”​ ).
Our vision is to have the EVED Tokens as ​the main cryptocurrency of the event
industry and thus to make it ​one of the major forces empowering the crypto
community worldwide.​ To make this reality, We initiated a preliminary sale of
EVED Tokens which private rounds will finish on the 16th of April and the final
public sale will be conducted on h
​ ttps://www.bitforex.com/en​ under the terms

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

4

announced herein: h
​ ttps://bit.ly/2VCMgwI​ ( altogether the sale of EVED Tokens “​ETS”​ ).
All of the above shall be referred to as (the “​Project​” or the “​Evedo Project​”)

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

5

2. OVERVIEW OF THE PROBLEMS
The event industry is a $850 BIL + industry, ​however, its scalability is highly
affected by the way it operates. ​Its inefficiency​ is due to the​ lack of innovation​ in
the event organizing process. The coordination, discoverability and doing business
between the different parties involved ​is very tedious, slow & scattered over
different platforms, software and means of communication​. Event organizers,
for instance, continue to use legacy software like excel to keep track of the event
project management.
Moreover, ​trust​ within the industry ​is significantly undermined​ by the l​ack of
transparency which causes uncertainty regarding the payments ​which need to
be made by and between the participants therein. Often, the ​limited access to
the required physical and human ​resources and contacts​ ​leads to​ the
involvement of ​middlemen​ that do not add value to the process but incur large
referral fees, favoritism to suppliers without guarantee​ for the best price–quality
ratio and in some cases​ fraud and significant losses​.
Here are just a few of the problems that are very real in this industry today and
are experienced more often than they need to:
1. Higher prices of tickets​ due to secondary black markets;
2. Time loss and poor planning​, due to scattered event planning process
across different platforms, mediums, software etc.;
3. Ticket fraud​ that can be duplicating & selling the same ticket multiple
times;
4. Delayed payments to performers​ or non-fulfilment of obligations on behalf
of the latter;
5. Lack of one niche software ​to bring the whole organizing process inside;
6. Lack of transparency & Protection​ for all parties involved;
7. Difficulties finding new venues, gigs, partners and sponsors/sponsorships;
8. Difficulties in finding, organizing, and tracking technical equipment which is
rented for the event;

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

6

3. VISION, MISSION & VALUES
We believe in the absolute decentralization of the world, with blockchain
playing a key role in enabling us to create diverse scalable ecosystems. ​These
ecosystems may be perceived as value generating pools where all participants can
create, measure and exchange the value of their contribution. We are living in the
new era of entrepreneurship where the good reputation and market usability of
everyone’s services and products is crucial for the Project’s prosperity. This will
neutralize to a great extent certain centralized and frequently biased decision
makers whose interests are opposite to the wellbeing of our society. ​Our team is
proud to be part of this revolutionary transition towards a more transparent
and advanced world where there will be fewer barriers for projects striving to
make everyone’s lives better!
To make this transformation reality, We need to widen the acceptance of
cryptocurrencies within the key industries worldwide. ​Our mission is to achieve a
significant adoption of blockchain technology in the event industry and to have
the EVED Tokens as the main means of value exchange therein. ​While achieving
this, Evedo will add value to everyone involved by​ introducing tra​ nsparency,
security, automation and access to new opportunities for the participants in this
ecosystem​. Our expertise in the fields of software development, blockchain &
cryptography, event planning, event marketing and online advertising give Us the
confidence in creating an ecosystem that will collide and combine with the
existing business models and elevate the way they work.
The core values of Evedo are: ​TRUST, CREATIVITY & EMPATHY. ​We firmly believe
that these are the key pillars of all high impact projects. The potential of the
Evedo Project derives from our willingness ​to establish trust​ among the
participants ​in the event industry’s​ ecosystem and ​to​ ​creatively apply the power
of blockchain technology​ ​therein while taking into consideration the necessities
and​ ​the best interest of each one of them​.
Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

7

II.

THE MARKET

Event Management Software - $ 6 Bil +
Worldwide Ticketing Business - $ 500 bil + based on official report
https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wct9rh/global_ticket
Worldwide Artist Bookings - $ 200 bil +
Worldwide Event Rental Services - $ 50 bil +
Worldwide Event Sponsors - $ 65 bil + based on official report https://www.statista.com/statistics/196864/global-sponsorship-spending-since-2007/

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

8

III. INDUSTRY PROBLEMS
Below are some ​problems encountered by the event organizer​ over the process
of organizing an event:
A) Booking a Venue (TIME-CONSUMING and COST INEFFICIENT)
If the event organizer wishes to organize an event in another country,
he/she needs to find the most reputable venue for this aim., Finding the
most suitable venue to fulfill the necessities of the specific event that will
be available for booking at a particular date requires lots of scattered work.
The necessary efforts include:​ browsing in search engines, intense
communication ​(calls, enquiries by e-mail) and ​lengthy and expensive bank
transfers ​for the purposes of paying the rental costs and other fees.
Further, there is ​a huge set of term​s (terms of payment, technical
requirements and capacity, and other limitations) ​set by different venues​.
Comparing these terms is a very hard process​ due to the numerous factors
that need to be taken into account.
This makes the process of booking a venue ​unnecessarily time consuming
and cost inefficient​.
B) Finding Performers, Suppliers, and Service Providers (lack of access,
time-consuming, cost inefficient)
Information discovery ​regarding terms of engagement and schedule of the
manager or the performer that you aspire to book for the event ​is a very
pain stacking process​. In other cases, you ​need to use​ more than one
middleman​ to reach the manager/performer ​who adds the industry
standard​ ​20% referral fee,​ reluctantly or unknowingly paid by the event
organizer. The ​lack of guarantees for payments​ and performance makes
this process even harder for both sides which leads to ​fewer opportunities
for them.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

9

Finding the right suppliers and service providers ​such as creative agencies,
technical rental companies, marketing agencies, HR companies, liquor
suppliers, catering companies, logistic companies etc. ​requires time​,
middlemen,​ ​and a lot of internal resources ​(sometimes an unnecessarily
large team) to coordinate these complex activities. ​Finding the best prices
and capacity to meet specific requirements is also ​frequently “mission
impossible”​. Moreover, you can ​never​ be ​sure of the quality​ ​of​ the
provided ​services​, unless you are able to get valuable insights regarding the
background of the services/product suppliers at hand. It is ​hard to
coordinate the availability of the supply chain​ before the event happens.
This is often a reason for making last minute costly changes.
A large portion of the profit in the industry is made through sponsorship
packages which are sold to companies. They are either willing to advertise
their services or products on the event, or just wish to support it by means
of donations. ​As an event organizer, you need to go through a lengthy
online search, calls, e-mails before finding even potential sponsors that
might be interested in providing funds for your event.​ How about ​earning
their trust​ if ​they don’t know you upfront​? How are they certain of what
exactly you are doing and how do you generate value for them? How do
they know that you are using the provided funds for the purposes that
you’ve promised? On the other hand, are you sure that the sponsor will
actually transfer the funds and they are allocated to this aim? All this
uncertainty​ leads to a lot of ​missed opportunities and a loss of profits​.
Sometimes this is a major cause for failure for event organizing at the early
stages.
C) Ticket Selling and Ticket Fraud
During the hectic process of coordinating the preparation and execution of
the event, the event organizer is also required to plan the marketing and
selling of the tickets for the event. This sometimes requires more than one
platform. ​The fees ​of these platforms ​vary between 2 and 20%​! Moreover,
these ​platforms frequently withhold the received money for a very long

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

10

period ​of time following the event. On the other side, coordinating ticket
availability and seat allocation is frequently a difficult task.
In practice, the ticket selling platforms would​ withhold the payments ​to
the event organizer until the event is finished. As a result, an enormous
amount of​ liquidity is taken away from the event organizer​ ​who needs to
cover all expenses up front​. This is mainly due to the fact that due to the
lack of secure and transparent systems showing the exact way of spending
the proceeds, the ticketing service providers cannot afford to release any
funds to the event organizer before the event. This is often a reason for the
reduced capacity of the event organizer to invest in multiple undertakings
and thus to scale the business.
A very familiar scenario describing the ​ticket fraud ​factor would be the
immediate sell out of all the tickets​ following the ticket sale
announcement. In such cases, ​the majority​ or at least part of these tickets
are being bought either by bots or by resellers​. This may harm the event
organizer as the higher price of the resold tickets is sometimes a reason for
the ​reduced number of attendees​. Another issue is the hypothesis in which
the event is not conducted. In this case, the disappointed attendees often
need to go to physical offices of the ticket sellers and the refund is chaotic
D) No Event Organizing Process Tailored Software
The event ​organizers use mainly legacy software ​and​ ​other workflow
organizing tools such as ​Trello​, however, these software solutions are
neither tailored to the necessities​ of the event industry ​nor are providing
any automation​ and thus enhancement of the working process of the
event organizer. This leads to ​waste of time and multiple mistakes​ which
may result in ​monetary losses ​as well. Therefore, automation is urgently
needed to enhance and help its growth! During the chaos of the event, all
information regarding its execution is lost and everything clears out only
after its finish. Often what transpires is not the desired result which is due
to the lack of live centralized clear process traction during the event.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

11

IV. EVEDO ECOSYSTEM - THE SOLUTION
The Events industry is a large market consisting of two essential components - the
business side involving all companies operating in this field and the consumers’
side. Тo maintain security and transparency, the whole chain needs to be
managed from end to end. ​Evedo’s solution is to create two interrelated market
places where organizers can bring together diverse businesses and consumers
who can explore and purchase tickets, services or goods, removing the need for
middlemen.
Our goal is to develop a sustainable ecosystem of relevant businesses and
people related in the Evedo Platforms. ​The use of Evedo’s blockchain technology
will enhance the transparency and freedom of negotiations, and by doing so it will
create numerous new opportunities and trust between all participants. The
enhanced direct access to all necessary resources will be a significant time and
cost saving factor for the event organizers.

1. B2B Marketplace - Connect, Collaborate with Partners & Create
events
The Evedo B2B Platform is designated to create the perfect environment for all
businesses involved such as Event Organizers, Performers Venue Owners,
Equipment Rentals & Sponsors. The event organizer will be provided with all
tools which are necessary to:
● find directly the right partners, contractors and sponsors (compare fees,
reputation and collect data for previous performance);
● negotiate with them and to utilize smart contracts to automate the
payments made from and to the other parties under rules which are agreed
by them;
● use a single smart contract that defines all payment rules around the event
in detail.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

12

● use the crowdfunding features of smart contracts to lock in the suppliers’
rates & other relevant information to the agreement; set a price for the
tickets; set a minimum number of tickets sold; and to distribute the funds in
the contract.
● follow the execution and performance of partners’ obligations in real time
while coordinating its team efforts by means of a single point of workflow
entries.

Marketplace

In the marketplace, each and every one of the people involved in making an
event happen is listed in their respective categories.
The B2B Platform is designed as an effective search engine where the event
organizer can find all resources, partners and suppliers by listing the details
regarding his planned event. The event organizer can browse & filter by
multiple criteria such as dates, type of event, expected number of
attendees, specific technical equipment requirements, logistics, hotels,
staff needed on sight, advertising and media coverage. A very important
part of making the search engine effective is the integration of calendars of
everyone involved for the purposes of displaying their availability and
calculating it in the process of planning. To finetune this search engine, we
will be closely working with our early adopters and will apply our deep
industry knowledge and experience.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

13

We intend to introduce an enhanced feedback model and thus to boost
accountability and social-proof for all the partners is the rate & comments
functionality. It adds an extra incentive to behave and stick or
arrangements on top of the smart contracts. The users will be rewarded
with EVED Tokens for providing insightful information.
Signing up
When the user signs up for the B2B Platform of Evedo he/she needs to
select the type of partner that he/she is willing to register as. In practice,
the one user can have more than one role in the ecosystem, however the
choice of a primary one. Once the user fills out the initial few fields to sign
up, he/she will be prompted with a small “personalization” feature to tailor
the experience of Our platform to user’s needs.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

14

Creating an event
Creating a new event is a function that’s only available to the “​Event
organize​r” role. But all the other partners can “​Apply​” to be part of an
event if it’s open for applications. The standard event has two key partnersVenues & Performer. Once the Venue & Performer/s have agreed to be
part of the event you can also invite Sponsors & Rental Companies to
participate. In this way, we are following the natural order of the event
organizing business. Moreover, creating trust widely depends on one’s
ability to prove to potential partners and customers that he has the
capacity to generate value for them and to deliver on his promise. Being
able to demonstrate that you have contracts with everyone at the previous
step is a crucial condition to persuade the other partners to join in on the
next stage. The B2B platform will provide full transparency in this process
and by making the smart contracts information visible for the prospective
partners.
Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

15

Scheduling
Each of the partners has an integrated calendar functionality which gives
them an easy overview of their upcoming jobs or obligations.
Businesses can use the B2B Platform to access all the resources for their
workflow. In the event that there are some days when they are not
available for booking, they can easily block off the time in a scheduling tool
which contributes to the automation of the process and the search engine.
Events in other timezones are highlighted as such, for international artists.
When a logged in user goes to the event section, their events will be
displayed here divided by “Upcoming”, “Planning”, “Past”, and
“Unchecked” statuses.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

16

Planning
A list of events that you are involved in, are in pre-proposal.
Unchecked
These are events that are in proposal but are having conflicts.
Upcoming
These are events in post-proposal and have now entered in the blockchain.
Repudiation
These are events that are post-proposal which have been put onto the
blockchain where one of the users has backed out in some way and an
investigation needs to occur before releasing the funding. Because one of
the users has not fulfilled their agreement.
Past
These are events that have been completed.

Negotiation
The negotiation part is crucial for the execution of the smart contract. It
happens in part automatically because each ​partner​ sets their default
criteria in their profile. But it can also be discussed and overwritten by the
event organizer. This can be done in platform only via chat functionality to
ensure the protection of both parties later on. If there will be a need for a
dispute, for instance.

Merit
The event page is a common ground only available to the users involved in
the event itself and the staff at Evedo​.
The event page will contain a “roadmap” of the event leading up to it,
during, and after, showing the status of the ticket sales, and the schedule of
the respective users. Including setup, and tare-down.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

17

A “Check-in” option will be available to each user and will be tied to a
location as well as a date time stamp. Users will have to “check-in” through
the platform, and their arrival must be supported by multiple other users,
all users are considered to be peers.
Other users in the event will have to confirm when a peer user has
“Checked In”, this is part of the repudiation process, presumably your
attendance at the event is confirmed by your peers, confirmations are
rewarded with system merit.
Users will each have a merit system that represents their reputation in the
system and is based on their success as a user in the system.
Filling their profile
This basic and introductory set of merit points are served to new users who
show promise as healthy active users in their given role of the ecosystem.
Filling out all the fields, setting up their schedule, setting rates, using their
calendar/inventory tools, being requested in events and attending events
will all promote the user in merit and reputation.
Participation in Events
Successful events will add positive merit where and unsuccessful events will
have negative merit based on their proposed value in the event (TODO hard
cap/soft cap)
Posting an Event
It doesn’t serve anyone to post an event that will likely not be a success
because it will reflect on them negatively. All events will be reflected on the
blockchain so We want to condone only positive experiences through the
platform.
Successful Events

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

18

Merit is given upon successful events, based on the attendees (or tickets
sold) as well as the ratio between the positive and negative reviews which
will be made only by attendees that have bought tickets. In this way
“​trolling​” is limited and incentive will be provided for the attendees to
leave reviews.

2. B2C Ticketing Platform - Sell & Buy Tickets for any events with 0%
Commission
The B2C ticketing Platform will solve most of the industry’s problems are related
to the buying and selling of tickets. The biggest of these issues is the high number
of unnecessary middlemen, who drive up the prices of the tickets. As they are
less affordable, fewer people choose to attend. Since Our B2C platform works on
the blockchain using smart contracts to verify and record information, a large
portion of these middlemen can be made redundant. With the ticket issuer in full
control of the number and type of tickets sold, the money-leeching activities of
both unwanted ticketing bots and scalpers can be nearly eliminated. Both bots
and resellers are very active on ticketing platforms of all sorts today; we have a
solution.
The primary business model for existing ticketing platforms is to take
commissions and cuts from all ticket sales. By implementing blockchain
technology in to the existing model, We are able to connect event organizers
directly to the attendees.By taking advantage of new verification technology, we
are cutting both complications and costs. This is done by making events both
smoother to run with fewer ‘moving parts’ (people), and passing the related
savings to both the organizers and attendees. Organizers and attendees are not
the only ones to benefit from cost savings; venues and related businesses can
expect to see increased returns from the greater number of events and attendees
due to both higher profit margins and lower entrance costs across the industry.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

19

Unlike existing platforms that take commissions that cut into event’s bottom
lines, We are basing our business model on revenue streams such as advertising.
This is what makes it possible for us to to sell tickets with 0% commission on Our
cutting edge ticketing platform. This makes Us unique in the industry, giving Us
an excellent opportunity to disrupt business-as-usual.

3. Blockchain
At initialization, the event’s metrics such as start/end times, types of tickets
available, minimum and maximum numbers of tickets, and other boundaries are
set. Once the event is released online, it will appear on our B2C P where
attendees can easily manage their tickets from a range of events run by various
groups. Ticket buyers can even participate in an online community, all with little
to no cost to themselves or the event partners.
Evedo does not hold the value of any event in their accounts. The event sponsors
and/or organizers can put money upfront when they create an event, and any
revenues from ticket sales, merchandise sales, or contest/promotional activities
are all held securely in a smart contract. They are then sent directly to the
relevant partners/company upon fulfillment of the relevant obligations or
reaching pre-agreed milestones.
A major role in Our application’s value is the transparency provided by the
blockchain. All partners can see their investments in real time, have access to
impartial third-party deliberation when there is a dispute, and can direct
payments directly into their digital wallets. Larger venues can benefit from access
to a complete ledger of their event’s supply chain in real-time and year-to-year.
Our strategy for implementing the blockchain is to deploy the latest version of the
event smart contract. This will allow Us to continually refine and update Our
smart contracts so that they can be as safe and efficient as possible without
relying on a monolith of code.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

20

V. EVED TOKEN
Key characteristics
Utility Token
Token type:​ ERC 20
Symbol:​ TPT
TOKEN SUPPLY:​ Total SUPPLY 160
000 000 EVED Tokens

TOKENS for Crowdsale:
56,000,000 EVED Tokens / 35% of the
TOTAL SUPPLY
All unsold tokens will be burned
Decimals:​ 18

1. Tokenomics

Volatile EVED Token
One of the main factors that inspired Us to tokenize the event industry is the
opportunity to introduce transparency, security and automation into this dynamic
commercial field. Both processes (event organizing and the sale of tickets) involve
numerous transactions and long ‘lockup periods’. With consideration to the large

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

21

scale of the industry and the important problems which are solved through the
Evedo Project, We have created ideal conditions for the wide adoption of the
EVED Token and accordingly steady increase in their demand due to the limited
supply. The following factors and functionalities will affect the intrinsic value of
the EVED Tokens:
● The Purchase of Tickets Functionality
The purchase of tickets through the B2C Platform will be done by means of
either automatic conversion of BTC, ETH or fiat currencies into EVED, or by
a direct transaction of EVED Tokens which are stored in user’s
cryptographic wallet. These conversions will be made available with the
integration of a payment gateway provided by a third-part. Therefore,
every purchase order will be a ‘bid to buy” action on the market with a
positive effect on the supply-demand ratio. The EVED Tokens collected in
the process of ticket selling will be locked into smart contracts until the
event is done. Depending on the event, this lockup period may vary from an
average between two to six months which has a limiting effect on the
supply of EVED Token on the market. Our aim is to have more than 5000
small, middle and large size event companies as well as individuals creating
events on the platform by 2021. Each of them will be organizing in average
five to seven events per year, and will be strongly incentivized to sell tickets
with 0% commission on the B2C Platform. In this way, significant amounts
of EVED Tokens will be constantly held in smart contracts and hence out of
circulation. This is expected to tremendously drive up the value of the EVED
Token because bigger events can have a very long waiting periods before
the events are actually finished and the lock-up periods are over.
● Advertising
The Facebook business model proved that the user’s attention is the
ultimate currency, and when combined with valuable data it can make any
platform an efficient advertising tool. When it comes to generating
attention, there is no better industry to be involved in than the event
industry. Our B2C Platform benefits from the marketing and sales activities

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

22

of the event organizers: they always display the logo and website of the
page where tickets are available for purchase in their advertising materials.
In this regard, the B2C Platform will be structured as a social media website
where the managers, artists, event organizers and attendees will be able to
set up profiles, interact with each other, form groups attending a particular
type of events, have community management tools and sharing their
experiences, etc. All of the above are great prerequisites to have an
enormous amount of daily use on the B2C Platform, which can be used to
gather data and create an invaluable tool for advertising. The service
providers, performers, music labels, agencies and venues will be able to
advertise their services directly to the event organizers in the B2B platform
where their focus group of business clients is. The EVED Token will be the
only means of payment for the advertising services available on the Evedo
Platforms.
● Subscription Fees
As mentioned above, the B2B Platform will be a marketplace where the
event organizer will be able to find, communicate, create smart contracts,
and pay any service provider, venue, performer, goods supplier, agency, or
other professional. All of the participants in this B2B ecosystem are
incentivized to participate therein. The event organizer can find the best
prices, conduct communication in a very convenient way, and have use of a
suite of event management tools to save both money and time. On the
other hand, the other participants are willing to find clients and partners,
sell services, market their goods/services by sponsoring events etc. As a
result, a unique value proposition set which is worth paying a
monthly/annual subscription fee for is generated for each business in the
B2B Platform. EVED Token will be, again, the only means of payment of
subscription fees. All the tokens received in this way will be used to
encourage new users to join the platform.
● B2B Payments

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

23

There are numerous payments involved in the process of creating an event.
The event organizer needs to pre-pay (partially or fully) the venue, the
food, beverages, services suppliers, staff agencies, performers, etc. Within
the B2B Platform, the event organizer together with its counterparties will
be able to create smart contracts by setting the terms and conditions under
which the release of the funds therein will be made to the respective
contractor. Accordingly, We will be able to achieve more security and
transparency for both sides which will be aware that the funds are available
while still being sure that payment will be made on delivery. As some of the
amounts involved in B2B transactions are quite significant, We will
introduce а mixed payment method of a stable token and EVED Token. As
mentioned above, the Evedo Platforms will have multiple incentives for
direct payment with EVED Tokens for the services supplied therein. The
businesses will be incentivized to progressively accept payments made in
the volatile token. An example for such stimulus is the introduction of a
ranking system in the B2B and B2C Platforms which is based on acceptance
of EVED Tokens. Moreover, some businesses may elect to ‘HOLD’ EVED
Tokens due to price volatility reasons. Another positive aspect of the B2B
transactions is that often the EVED Tokens will be held for a long period of
time in the smart contracts as a guarantee for the delivery of the goods,
services or performance.
EVEDx Stable Token
The creation of Our own stable token, in the beginning, poses the problem of
liquidity. To counter this we will take advantage of the stable tokens already
having higher volume like USDC.

2. Token Sales
We are having only 2 sales - private sale & IEO. Whatever tokens are not sold
during these two events are going to be burned. All of the tokens sold through
these two events will effectively be the circulation supply.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

24

Private Sale

Initial Exchange Offering

30th of March - 15th of April (2019)
16.9% of Tokens - 27040000 EVEDS
Bigger tickets are only for strategic
investors!

16th of April, (2019)
Exchange: Bitforex
Hard Cap: 12 000 ETH
18.1% of Tokens - 28960000 EVEDS

3. Token Allocation

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

25

VI. PROJECT DEVELOPMENT STAGES
Many recent blockchain projects have failed due to a lack of business acumen and
a detailed plan of action. Though we are confident in our project as it stands, We
are actively planning for the future development of the platform to make it even
better. Here are the key project development stages for Evedo:
Achievements to Date
● We gathered an incredibly experienced and motivated team, with expertise
in technology, business, marketing, design and legal.
● We created the financial and tokenomics models with our advisors,
tailoring them to the needs and growth strategy for the project.
● We created the perfect advisory board, whose members are actively
contributing to the development of the project not only with their wide
experience but also large networks of contacts worldwide.
● Evedo entered into key partnerships that are critical for the blockchain and
technical development of the Project.
● We got into the Master Ventures acceleration program, which helped Us to
get the Project to the stage at which it currently is.
● We launched the Alpha version of the B2C platform for testing purposes as
a starting point for technical development.
● Evedo launched an international ambassador program including highly
motivated individuals with experience and contact networks within the
event industry. This will be the core pillar of Our global expansion.
● We attracted more than twenty early adopters from the industry (event
organizers, performers, service providers etc.) who are helping Us to tailor
the Evedo Platforms to be ideally suitable for their daily business
necessities.
First Stage - Finalizing the B2C Platform

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

26

The first step following the public sale of EVED will be to fully develop the B2C
Platform which will be executed with feedback from Our advisors and early
adopters. Since We already have most of the necessary functionalities in place,
We will not need to spend much time on this. However, improving the security of
the platform and enhancing it with innovative functionalities will be an ongoing
process.
Business Development
Once the core functionalities of the B2C Platform are completed, we will begin
simultaneous development on the B2B Platform. At this point our main goal will
be to scale the usage of the B2C Platform by onboarding more and more early
adopters and incentivizing them to use the platform through bounties, airdrops
and key partnerships. To this aim, Our ambassador program will enhance the
popularity of the brand and enable Us to test different markets and grow Our
community of supporters.
All the tokens gathered from transactions will be reinvested into the development
of the platform by using them as an incentive to both reward Our existing users
and to encourage new ones to join the network. One part of these incentives will
be the initial amount of EVED tokens available in each new account (most tokens
for the first 1,000 users, decreasing for the next 5000 etc.). Uses will be able to
use this bonus of EVED Tokens to purchase tickets on the B2C Platform only. To
benefit from this, the users will be required to use a “share” button and hence to
share their purchase on their social media channels.
As mentioned above, the social media aspect of the B2C Platform is essential for
the creation and effective use of the advertising tools. It is even more valuable
when event organizers can track the reactions of the audience in real time and
gain valuable insights. To this aim, users will be rewarded with tokens for
activities related to the event or for tagging #evedo or #event with the event
name on social media. Such rewards will also be provided for taking surveys or
taking part in specific ongoing activities during the event. This will encourage

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

27

users to be more involved in the ecosystem, creating an efficient
community-driven marketing tool.
Boosting the B2B Platform
Following the development of the community gathered through the B2C Platform
and having developed both brand awareness and key partnerships with music
labels, venues, event organizers, and diverse brands sponsoring the event
industry etc., We will launch the B2B Platform on several markets that We have
identified together with Our advisors and ambassadors. The first users of the B2B
Platform will be incentivized with a free lifetime subscription and an initial
amount of EVED Tokens to be spent on advertising and other premium features
within the platform.
The business model of the B2B Platform is based on transaction fees. Therefore,
Evedo will introduce a referral program where users receive a referral link, with
the ability to receive a percentage of all transaction fees incurred on transactions
made by the referred users. When using the referral link, the newly invited users
will be granted with additional bonus EVED Tokens.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

28

VII. ROADMAP

APRIL 2018
● Idea start and excitement.
JUNE 2018
● White Paper, tech architecture, and team structure.
JULY 2018
● Company Design, Branding and Content Strategy.
● Marketing structure.
● Company legal set up etc.
AUGUST 2018
● Onboarding key figures in the industry.
● Onboarding awesome influencers that believe in Us.
● Gaining early adopters for the platform.
● TGE Landing page launch and social profiles development.
SEPTEMBER 2018
● Exclusive token sale.
● Onboarding more blockchain advisers.
OCTOBER 2018
● Reaching out to early adopters.
● Architecting the B2B Marketplace.
Q1 2019
● B2B Architecture.
● Draft a detailed Product Roadmap.
Q2 2019
● B2C Alpha Marketplace Launch.
● Execute IEO.
● Ticket Sales starts with Early Adopters.
Q3 2019
● B2B Alpha Launch.
● B2C Beta Launch.
Q4 2019
● Implementing blockchain.
● B2B Beta Version Launch.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

29

VIII. TECHNICAL ROADMAP (DEVELOPMENT FORECAST)
Our plan to develop the Evedo Platforms is divided into three phases. We want to
put the customers first and foremost since they’re the driver for the entire
industry. Their problems are the most systemic of all; scalping and ticket fraud.
Accordingly, developing the B2C Platform is Our main focus during ​Phase I​, while
also developing a sales and marketing platform for the company to build
community and rapport with the customers.
Phase II will include building up the design and development departments, as well
as sales and marketing initiatives. Users can look forward to the launch of the B2C
Platform ​Beta w
​ hich will have more advanced features for organizers/promoters
as well as companies seeking branded marketplaces for ticket sales and
community management.
Partners can look forward to being able to set up their profiles for the B2B
Platform ​Alpha.​ In order to participate, entertainers and venue owners will be
able to sign up for free to participate in event opportunities and have access to
tools to focus on their craft and less on the logistics. This will allow users
managing their tickets to look forward to tools to scan and validate tickets in real
time at the events in question.
In ​Phase III​, once we have thoroughly user tested all aspects of our ​B2B and ​B2C
platforms, we will bridge the two using our event and ticket smart contracts.
Partners will be able to track their investments in an event and consumers can
appreciate 0% commissions and less scalping and ticket fraud.
Beyond then, the team will continue to develop the advertising and subscription
models, finalize the ​Betas of the Evedo Platforms​, as well as continue to develop
stronger, safer, faster, and cheaper smart contracts for use with its tokens with a
strong focus on quality, design, and user experience.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

30

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

31

IX. LEGAL INFORMATION
In this section titled “Legal Information” and all subsections below you will find
information regarding the legal status of the Project, the EVED Token, Evedo, the
Evedo White Paper, regulatory aspects of the token sale as well as information on
the prohibited jurisdictions which residents will not be allowed to participate in
the sale of EVED Token. Please, note that any analysis which is made hereby is
based on Our preliminary assessment and cannot be perceived as a legal,
regulatory, investment or tax advice to you. To ensure certainty regarding any
matters concerning the purchase of EVED Token, please, use the services of any
professionals such as lawyers, tax or/and investment advisors.
This English-language version of the Evedo White Paper is the primary official
source of information about the EVEDO Token. The information contained herein
may be translated into other languages from time to time or may be used in the
course of written or verbal communications with existing and prospective
community members, partners, etc. In the course of a translation or
communication like this, some of the information contained in this paper may be
lost, corrupted or misrepresented. The accuracy of such alternative
communications cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conflicts or
inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official
English-language White Paper, the provisions of the original English-language
document shall prevail.

1. LEGAL STATUS OF THE EVEDO WHITE PAPER
The Evedo White Paper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any
advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase any EVED Token nor
shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be
relied upon in connection with, any contract or purchase decision. Such
solicitation may be done only by means of a private offer to potential purchasers

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

32

or by means of a public offering made by an agent of Evedo (“​Distribution
Agent​”).
The purpose of the Evedo White Paper is to present Evedo, its technology,
business model and the potential of EVED Token and the event industry as
general information to potential EVED Token holders in connection with the
proposed EVED Token Sale (“​ETS​”). The information set forth herein may not be
exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. Its sole
purpose is to provide relevant and reasonable information to potential EVED
Token holders in order for them to determine whether to undertake a thorough
analysis of Evedo and the Project with the intent of acquiring EVED Tokens. All
relevant legal information is contained in the Token Purchase Terms and the
Token Purchase Agreement.
This Evedo White Paper does not have binding nature neither for Evedo, nor for
any other legal entity or natural person in terms of entering into any contract or
binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the EVED Token
and no cryptocurrency or another form of payment is to be accepted on the basis
of this Evedo White Paper. Any purchase of EVED Token shall be made either
under the terms and conditions set in a separate agreement between the buyer
and Evedo or the terms and conditions provided by the Distribution Agent. In the
event that the information provided under this Evedo White Paper contradicts the
said terms and conditions, the latter shall have prejudice and shall apply. In this
regard, the Evedo White Paper may not be used for reference in such documents
for the purposes of complementing the terms stipulated therein unless an
unconditional change of the information provided herein is accepted by the
parties to such agreement.
The information provided under the Evedo White Paper has not been subject to
coordination, approval or examination by any regulatory body. Evedo does not
intend or promise to undertake such actions for the purposes of achieving full
compliance within any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

33

of the Evedo White Paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with.
Any person that undertakes unauthorized distribution and dissemination of the
Evedo White Paper including any modification of the terms and information
provided herein shall bear unlimited liability for any loss or damages suffered by
Evedo due to the respective breach.

2. LEGAL STATUS OF THE EVED TOKENS
According to Our preliminary analysis on which no reliance is established hereby,
EVED Tokens are utility access cryptographic tokens which will be accepted as
means of payment for subscription fees, purchase of tickets, advertisement fees
and other services by Evedo and by the event organizers. It does not grant any
additional rights such as dividend distribution, profit sharing or any other rights
which are typical for financial instruments and therefore it may not be qualified as
such. Moreover, any fluctuation of the intrinsic value of the EVED Token may be
triggered by future unpredictable events which would be only subject to
accidental and uncertain circumstances which are not controlled by Evedo.
Therefore, any speculative incentive to purchase EVED Tokens would be of
secondary nature and such purchase is not recommended or advised for.
Accordingly, the EVED Token holders intending to purchase EVED Token with
speculative purposes are exposed to numerous risks and no laws and acts that
ensure disclosure and represent regulatory scrutiny for investors’ protection are
applicable in case that unfavourable circumstances cause the reduction of the
price of EVED Token despite Evedo’s efforts to prevent such effect.
The EVED Tokens are also not a depository receipt in respect of shares; nor do
they represent bonds or other forms of securitized debt; nor a contract that can
be physically settled with the delivery of an underlying asset (derivatives). As their
acceptance as means of payment will be limited to the Evedo Platforms, the EVED
Tokens shall not be qualified as assets with any financial nature but rather as
contractually stipulated means of value exchange. Thus they fall outside of the
Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

34

scope of the definition of a “security” under MiFID II and the corresponding
national law of the Republic of Estonia.
The EVED Tokens do not represent any form of financial instrument under the
Markets In Financial Instruments Directive (‘MiFID II’). The EVED Tokens cannot be
considered to be transferable securities since they do not represent shares or
other security equivalent to share that would grant their holders rights to
dividends, voting rights or profit-sharing in Evedo or other legal entity operating
within the Evedo Platforms. The EVED Tokens are also not a depository receipt in
respect of shares; nor do they represent bonds or other forms of securitized debt;
nor a contract that can be physically settled with the delivery of an underlying
asset (derivatives). Thus, they fall outside the scope of the definition of “security”
under MiFID II and the corresponding national law of the Republic of Estonia.
Further, EVED Tokens do not fall in the category of money market instruments as
they do not represent securitised debt that their holder might receive on a
maturity date.
The EVED Tokens are not shares in collective investment undertakings (UCITS or
AIF), since the sale of tokens does not possess two of the three criteria that
should be present cumulatively (“general commercial or industrial purpose” and
“view to generating a pooled return”) in order to define a collective investment
undertaking.
Accordingly, Evedo does not qualify as an investment firm under MiFID II, asset
management company or collective investment undertaking under the UCITS
Directive, neither is the company a manager of alternative investment fund under
the AIFM Directive. The cryptographic tokens sale itself does not constitute any
form of regulated investment activity such as placing, dealing in or advising on
financial instruments or managing or marketing collective investment schemes
under MiFID II, UCITS Directive, AIFM Directive, or the Prospectus Directive.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

35

Furthermore, EVED Tokens do not represent funds as defined in the Payment
Services Directive 2, thus the sale of EVED Tokens cannot be considered as
provision of payment services that would fall within the scope of PSD2.
The EVED Tokens are not electronic money under the Electronic Money Directive
as they can be used as a medium of exchange only within the Evedo Platforms
and do not represent prepaid stored value issued in exchange for funds that is
accepted as a widespread mean of payment by any legal or natural person. Since
the cryptocurrencies are not recognized on national or European level as actual
currencies (i.e. money issued by a national bank of a state), the requirements for
legal entities operating as currency exchange do not apply for the Evedo
Platforms.
The EVED Tokens do not represent insurance contracts, as they are used only as
means of payment in the contractual relations entered directly between the
platform user and the provider of the corresponding service/goods (MSP, MES).
Therefore the Evedo Platforms are not considered any form of investment or
insurance funds, as there is no joint venture for the realization of profit or for
sharing risk among users.
It should be pointed out, however, that the above statements represent no legal
opinion. Instead, they express Our personal understanding of the legal nature of
the EVED Tokens, and hence may not be relied upon as any kind of advice, as they
intend merely to provide you with some background on the nature of the tokens
and the current status of EU legislation. The opinions reflected herein may change
without notice (for example in case of regulatory changes) and the opinions
expressed herein do not necessarily correspond to the opinions of the public
authorities of Estonia or other jurisdictions where the tokens might be offered.
With regard to the above EVED Tokens have not been registered under the
securities laws of any country, including the securities laws of the Republic of
Estonia or any other jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a resident.
The activities of the Evedo Platforms are not regulated by any public authority of

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

36

the Republic of Estonia or any other jurisdiction in which a potential token holder
is a resident. The activities of the Evedo Platform are not regulated by any public
authority of the Republic of Estonia or any other jurisdiction in which a potential
token holder is a resident.

3. ELIGIBILITY
The information provided in this White Paper is not addressed to any legal entity
or natural person residing in any jurisdiction where the offering and purchase or
sale of cryptographic tokens with the legal nature of EVED Token are prohibited or
where EVED Tokens are treated as financial instrument or their offering, purchase
or sale are qualified as regulated activity (“​Prohibited Jurisdictions​”) including but
not limited to:
United States of America Canada; North Korea; Afghanistan; Mainland China;
Congo; Eritrea; Iran; Iraq;Libya; Ivory Coast; Lebanon; South Sudan; Australia;
Saudi Arabia; Algeria.
Legal or natural persons which are on any trade or economic sanctions lists, such
as the UN Security Council Sanctions list, designated as a “Specially Designated
National” by OFAC (Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury
Department) or placed on the U.S. Commerce Department’s “Denied Persons List”
or any other list with restricted persons for the purposes of the prevention of
money laundering shall also not be eligible to purchase EVED Token. You maintain
full responsibility to check if you are resident in a Prohibited Jurisdiction. If you,
however, participate in the ETS in any stage in breach of this obligation, you will
bear unlimited liability for any damage that this might cause to Evedo.

4. LEGAL DISCLAIMER
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules,
Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent shall not be liable for any indirect, special,

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

37

incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise
(including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or
data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this
White Paper or any part thereof by you or any third-party which is related to you.
Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent does not make or purport to make, and
hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form
whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or
undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the
information set out in the Evedo White Paper. Such representations may be made
on a case by case basis only and would be specifically addressed to a person
whom Evedo enters into contractual relations with.
Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations
associated with cryptocurrencies and initial coin offering in the European Union.
In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or actions may impact Evedo’s
business and even limit or prevent it from developing its operations in the future.
Any person or legal entity undertaking to acquire EVED Tokens must be aware of
the existence of regulatory risks which are due to the lack of clear regulations in
certain jurisdictions. Additionally, the Evedo White Paper may change significantly
or need to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance requirements
from any applicable laws in many jurisdictions. In such a case, purchasers and
anyone undertaking to acquire EVED Tokens acknowledge and understand that
neither Evedo nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or indirect
loss or damage caused by such changes.
Representations and Warranties Made by You
By means of mere access and/or accepting possession of any information in the
Evedo White Paper or any part thereof (as the case may be), you are providing
Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent with the following representations and
warranties:

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

38

• you agree and acknowledge that the EVED Tokens do not constitute securities in
any form in any jurisdiction including the jurisdiction where you are currently
resident;
• you agree and acknowledge that the Evedo White Paper does not constitute a
prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an
offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities
and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment
and no cryptocurrency or another form of payment is to be accepted on the basis
of this White Paper except for the cases where a binding agreement is entered
into by you and Evedo;
• you accept and acknowledge that the Evedo White Paper has not been subject
to any regulatory examination or approval based on the information set out
hereby, and no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or
dissemination of the Evedo White Paper to you does not imply that the applicable
laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;
• you agree and acknowledge that no promise is provided for future earnings or
increase of the market price of the EVED Tokens although any precursors to this
aim may be provided in the Evedo White Paper and such increase in the price is
not main incentive to purchase EVED Tokens but rather your willingness to
support the Project as you share its vision, mission and values, as well as your
intention to use the EVED Tokens as means of access and payment within the
Evedo Platforms;
• you have undertaken all necessary actions to discover whether or not the
distribution or dissemination of the Evedo White Paper, any part thereof or any
copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is prohibited or restricted by the
applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any
restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and
complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and no liability may be
borne by Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent;
• in the case where you wish to purchase any EVED Tokens, you have undertaken
all necessary actions to discover whether or not the EVED Tokens are construed,
interpreted, classified or treated as:

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

39

(a) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency which is regulated in your
jurisdiction;
(b) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Evedo
and/ or the Distribution Agent);
(i) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;
(ii) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose
or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;
(iii) units in a collective investment scheme;
(iv) units in a business trust;
(v) derivatives of units in a business trust;
(vi) any other security or class of securities.
(c) you have undertaken all necessary actions to discover whether or not you are
currently residing in a Prohibited Jurisdiction;
(d) you have a basic but sufficient degree of understanding of the operation,
functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material
characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems,
cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain
technology and smart contract technology to the extent that you can make your
own judgement on purchasing cryptocurrencies and can execute the process of
purchase and storage independently and safely;
(e) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to
purchase any EVED Tokens, there are risks associated with the business
undertaking and the operations of Evedo and the Distribution Agent which may
affect you and the consequent distribution of the EVED Tokens (each as referred
to in the Evedo White Paper);
(f) you agree and acknowledge that neither Evedo nor the Distribution Agent is
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any
kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue,
income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this White Paper or any part thereof by you оr any
third-party related to you;
(g) if you have found that your access to the information contained in the Evedo
White Paper and/or purchase of EVED Tokens may violate any regulatory

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

40

requirements in your jurisdictions or in any other way would trigger any liability
for Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent, you must immediately cease to access
this White Paper and shall abstain from purchasing EVED Tokens; and
• (g) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate
and non-misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of
possession the Evedo White Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be).

5. CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD - LOOKING
STATEMENTS
All statements contained herein, statements made in press releases, articles or in
any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by
Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent or their rightful respective directors,
executive officers or employees acting on behalf of Evedo or the Distribution
Agent (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute
“forward-looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by
forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”,
“estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”,
“Project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms
are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All
statements addressing Evedo’s and/or the Distribution Agent’s financial position,
business strategies, future token price anticipations, plans and prospects and the
future prospects of the industry which Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent is in
are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but
not limited to statements as to Evedo’s and/or the Distribution Agent’s revenue
and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and
other matters discussed in the Evedo White Paper regarding Evedo and/or the
Distribution Agent are matters that are not historical facts, but only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results,
performance or achievements of Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent to be

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

41

materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
These factors include, amongst others:
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market
conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which Evedo
and/or the Distribution Agent conduct its respective businesses and operations;
(b) the risk that Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent may be unable to execute or
implement their respective business strategies and future plans;
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and
cryptocurrencies;
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of
Evedo and/ or the Distribution Agent;
(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to Evedo and/or the Distribution
Agent in connection with their respective businesses and operations;
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by
Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent to operate their respective businesses and
operations;
(g) changes in preferences of customers of Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent;
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which Evedo and/or the Distribution
Agent operate, and the ability of Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent to compete
under such conditions;
(i) changes in the future capital needs of Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent and
the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs;
(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that
affect the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent;
(l) other factors beyond the control of Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent; and
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with occurrences of catastrophic events,
natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses and/or operations
Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent and their businesses and operations, the
EVED Tokens. All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to
occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

42

the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent or persons
acting on behalf of occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts
of God that affect the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution
Agent are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and
uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or
achievements of occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of
God that affect the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution
Agent to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements in the Evedo White Paper, undue reliance must not
be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable
only as of the date of this White Paper.
Neither Evedo, the Distribution Agent nor any other person represents, warrants
and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of
occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect
the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent will be as
discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or
achievements of occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of
God that affect the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution
Agent may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements.
Nothing contained in the Evedo White Paper is or may be relied upon as a
promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies
of occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that
affect the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent.
Further, occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that
affect the businesses and/or operations Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent
disclaim any responsibility to update any of these forward-looking statements or
publicly announce any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect
future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes
available or other events occur in the future.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

43

6. MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND
NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS
This White Paper includes market and industry information and forecasts that
have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where
appropriate, as well as market research, publicly available information and
industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly
available information and publications generally state that the information that
they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there
can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included
information.
Save for Evedo, the Distribution Agent and their respective directors, executive
officers and employees, no person has provided his or her consent to the
inclusion of his or her name and/ or other information attributed or perceived to
be attributed to such person in connection therewith in the Evedo White Paper
and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as
to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such
persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
While Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent have taken reasonable actions to
ensure that the information is extracted accurately and in its proper context,
Evedo and/or the Distribution Agent have not conducted any independent review
or due diligence of the information extracted from third party sources, verified
the accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying
economic assumptions relied upon therein.
Consequently, neither Evedo, the Distribution Agent, nor their respective
directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any
representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such
information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

44

7. TERMS USED
To facilitate a better understanding of the EVED Tokens being offered for
purchase by the Distribution Agent, and the businesses and operations of Evedo
and/or the Distribution Agent, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well
as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this White Paper.
These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being
definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry
meanings or usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice
versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include
the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. References to persons shall
include corporations.

8. NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
Evedo will make all reasonable efforts but shall not bear the obligation to
periodically update the information provided in the Evedo White Paper as the
Project develops and significant or insignificant changes in the provided
information may occur. Any updated version of the Evedo White Paper shall be
found at ​https://www.evedo.co/​.

Prior to accessing and reading any information displayed in this White Paper, please, refer to the section “LEGAL INFORMATION”
and find out whether you are eligible to continue accessing the information as well as to educate yourself regarding the risks, lack of
reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature of the Evedo White Paper.

