Disclaimer
Please read the following notice carefully before proceeding to read this
Whitepaper document issued by Ezoow Limited (the “Ezoow booking solution”),
an exempted company incorporated and existing under the laws of singapor.
This notice applies to all persons who read this document.
The purpose of this White Paper is to provide prospective purchasers with the
information on the Company’s project to allow the prospective purchasers to
make their own decision as to whether or not he wishes to proceed to
purchase an Ezoow Token. This White Paper does not constitute an offer or
invitation, or any other sale or purchase of shares, securities, or any of the
assets of the Company. This document does not constitute the provision of
investment or professional advisory services. Therefore, none of the contents
of this Whitepaper serves as an invitation or inducement to engage in any sort
of investment activity.
This Ezoow whitepaper was written by experts to reflect our goals, objectives,
mission, vision, culture and opinion. Nothing in this document should be
treated as a guarantee as to how Ezoow business or platform will develop.
Ezoow plans in the future could be altered at Ezoow’s discretion in response to
regulatory, technical, market changes and other external factors outside its
control. Ezoow users are to purchase any EZW tokens. Token buyers and or
potential Ezoow token holders should undertake their own due diligence before
investing . Subscription to Ezoow tokens is open to citizens of all countries.

Content
Abstract

------------------------------------------------------------------------- (3 - 4

Overview ------------------------------------------------------------------------------(5
Mission ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (6
Our Vision ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- (6
Our Goals ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- (7
Problem Statement ---------------------------------------------------------------- (8
Ezoow Solution -------------------------------------------------------------------- (10
Features of ezoow ---------------------------------------------------------------- (12
Token specification --------------------------------------------------------------- (13
Roadmap --------------------------------------------------------------------------- (15
Marketing --------------------------------------------------------------------------- (16
Team --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (17
Why You Should Invest in Ezoow -------------------------------------------- (17
Conclusion ------------------------------------------------------------------------- (17

Abstract
The highpoint of this Whitepaper is to illustrate the stages, milestone and
features of this all-encompassing Blockchain technology. This whitepaper
shows everything users’ needs to know about
Ezoow roadmap and its future trajectories. With the nature of Ezoow
technology the future of hospitality, traveling and reservation industry will
be changed.
Ezoow will help to revolutionize travel booking by directly connecting
travelers on our system to providers across the globe through the
blockchain technology and the ability to buy flight tickets, make hotel
reservations and rent taxis using Bitcoin, Ethereum or EZW coin/token.
This invention will help travelers and people going on travel have an
opportunity to save 40%-60% on travel purchases as well as an increase in
their transaction security and transparency.
The hospitality and travel booking sector has been run in the past by two
strong intermediaries known as the global distribution systems (GDSs) and
Online Travel Agencies (OTAs). The services of these intermediaries were
primarily B2B reservation network that makes use of a single point for
making and tracking airlines, cars and hotel reservations. This has led to
the high cost of airline ticket booking. Due to the technology used in
developing these systems – it has now become antiquate and exposes
users information to scammers by just a single 6-digit identifier which
allows anyone to easily modify reservations or the traveler's email or home
address.

Ezoow will solve this quagmire faced by travelers by substituting it with
faster services with no hidden fees and powered by the reliable blockchain
technology. EZW is purchased at a bulk discount and listed on a secured
platform from which users can make purchases during travel, book airline,
hotel cruise, car rental reservations using the token and the transactions
are hastily executed securely on the blockchain.
Ezoow service is the easy in hand way for travel now. You can book all the
needs for your journey, hotel booking, resort booking, booking for a plane,
train or taxi, now all in one app.
Ezoow service use blockchain technology to fulfill all your needs for travel
booking and payment .

Overview
Ezoow is a blockchain based platform developed and operating on the
Ethereum network, and all countries can participate in it. We intend to
place the average traveler at our forefront. Our platform is developed in a way
that will be easy to use by our customers as well as service providers to order,
exchange, buy and also sell all kinds of travel services. Therefore our major
objective will be to address some of the challenges faced by travel agencies,
hoteliers and other hospitality businesses
In addition to the significant savings and security that the users of this
platform will be exposed to, Ezoow will also provide other numerous
benefits and advantages over other booking services currently operating now.
Ezoow rewards program will offer awards for referrals by users of all
Ezw token spent by any person referred to the referrer.
The Ezoow platform will also feature premium concierge services that will allow
members to maximize the enjoyment and success of their travel plans. Ezoow’s
team is uniquely positioned to seize this opportunity. Our
experience has already been leveraged to form partnerships with most premier
travel providers, ensuring access to the best inventory. Moreover, the booking
platform is already developed, and ready for conversion to the blockchain.

Mission
Our mission is to foster and enhance the security and safety of travelers
through the introduction of a ground-breaking travel management platform
that provides a complete spectrum of services to both small travel and
business tour to 5-star providers at less than half the price with the aid of
blockchain technology.

Our Vision
Our Vision at Ezoow is to drive the creation of a wide range of tourism and
travel booking services on a single platform.

Our Goals
Ezoow goals for entering the cryptocurency technology market are to:
* Provide a platform that acts as a go-between for travelers and the service providers.
* Acquiring at least a 30% market share in the blockchain travel agency sector.
* Investing heavily in the financial, advisory and service development to ensure that Ezoow can
provide the best technological platform solutions in today’s highly competitive
industry.
* Our future development is to expand our business operations globally, solidify our presence
and push strong brand awareness in key regions of the world.
* Ezoow intend to democratize the travel industry by directly connecting travelers with travel and
tour services such as (Car hiring companies, booking of a plane, booking of
train Etc.) and hoteliers.

Problem Statement
There is a litany of current problems and challenges being faced by travelers and travel
and tour service providers in the markets. The increasing demand for
services that provide travel booking package solutions including plane ticket, hotel
booking, train ticket and taxi booking from and to airport destination and all are
required to be done in low cost, less time, easy modern and
decentralized payment method, in addition to smart handling of what you need.

Cost of Global Distribution System (GDS)
One of the foremost problems inherent in the travel agency services by GDS
intermediaries is the issue of high cost. As noted, GDS functions as a
go-between connecting travel providers with other businesses involved in the
distribution of travel services. This GDS assigns and tracks reservations for its
clients by allowing them to coordinate travel bookings in real time. In return, the GDS
companies charge between 2-4% on airtime tickets and between
15-20% for a hotel reservation. This cost cash out to be roughly $12 per airtime ticket
and $12-15 for the hotel's reservation. This price is often borne
by the final consumers who are often made to bear the ultimate burden of the fees.
Also, GDS companies in addition to charging per transaction still collect a succession
of auxiliary fees, fees for accessing and using their database and also annual
maintenance fees.

GDS Security of Users Information
Not many people are aware of how exposed their personal information is whenever
they make any travel reservation with the use of GDS. This is
because of the Personal Name Record (PNR) data ecosystem that GDS use and
thousands of travel providers and reservation agencies employ this to track user's
details. As a result of the outdated nature of the GDS cloud data
storage systems, it is easy for anyone to access a PNR of a user with the aid of a 6-digit
identifier and the traveler’s last name. With this one can easily cancel or modify the
reservation and also steals the user’s information. GDS
was not built with security in mind but to create a frictionless transmission of
information.

OTA Security of Users Information
While OTAs make use of a more robust security technology than its counterpart
GDSs, it has witnessed numerous incident of hacking from
scammers. A study carried out at the last quarter of last year shows that over 880,000
credit and debit cards were accessed. The hacked account showed
users name, date of birth, payment card information, email, gender, phone number,
physical address or billing address. Hackers tend to create phishing schemes in which
they mask themselves as the hotel or booking agents in
other to gain the credit card information.

Lack of Transparency
Other challenges faced by users include the lack of transparency by OTA. In addition to
the high rates of commission charge and poor security, OTAs has been bedeviled by
numerous dishonest practices in relation to their pricing
and structures listed. These deceptive practices include bait and switch pricing,
undisclosed algorithms, misleading availability claims and opaque
search result algorithms

Issues of Overbooking
Most travel providers often overbook with the belief that most customers
might not show up. Since this forecast often is under probability, most
often, some passengers are compelled to take a different flight or to find
new accommodations. Not minding the fact that customers are often
compensated for these inconveniences, this tends to decreases their
confidence in the overall reliability of this travel agents and hotels.

Ezoow Solutions
Ezoow blockchain service will help alleviate most of the problems and
challenges faced by travelers and service providers. Some of the proposed
solutions include:

Direct connection
Ezoow does not function as an intermediary agency between customers and
providers but embraces a cost-plus retail model for users. Ezoow purchases directly
from travel providers at a discounted rate and then sell to their users at a price less
than the ones mandated by OTA. By purchase of our token, Ezoow users pay no
hidden fees or commission. Since members pay
directly as opposed to just booking it, the problem of overbooking is solved.

Blockchain Security
Ezoow will be built on a DApp (decentralized application) on the Ethereum blockchain
and its token which is EZW will come in a standard form of ERC20. Blockchain at its
basic is a cryptographically secured and decentralized distributed ledger. This makes it
difficult to alter the ledgers content without
undermining the network maliciously. Taking cognizance that most of our users might
not be crypto savvy, Ezoow will also provide a seamless conversion between the
traditional payment and EZW tokens. With the aid of the blockchain ledger, Ezoow will
secure its member's transaction and
information from attack and keeping a reliable record that can be used in the case of a
dispute.

Close Group System
Ezoow will run a close group system that allows only members to access its inventory.
This allows services offer there to be at a lower price different from the rate integrity
agreement. With the aid of EZW tokens, Ezoow will
implement a blockchain closed consumer group. Owning at least 0.1 eths in your
ERC-20 supported wallet EZW token is sufficient to become a member
and gain access to Ezoow website. The website requires a log-in and is open to
members only. And the listing is not made public allowing Ezoow to sidestep the rate of
integrity agreements.

Unique Features of Ezoow Platform
Some of the features that make us unique from other platform include;
* Over 40% of all the tourist and travelling essentials covered.
* A full guide by locations, sites, cities and countries.
* Use the smart and intelligent technology of development to introduce easy and comfortable search
options for booking.
* Provide a decentralized payment method to appeal the revolution of the blockchain.
* Using of Ezoow cryptocurrency (EZW), instead of the regular centralized payment methods, that
require more time to charge your bank account and several processes of verification.
* Ability to pay with BTC or EZW.
* Cashback if you choose to book through Ezoow app by enjoying additional 5-10 % discounts or
cashback to your balance.
* Ezoow referral program to enhance promotion, distribution of its services.
* Ezoow app, provide smart wallet, you can deposit and withdraw BTC and Ezoow and monitor your
balance.
* Ezoow app provides a smart widget to see your balance.
* Ezoow app provides a smart widget to go to all available exchanges of Ezoow.
* Ezoow app provides a means to make direct exchange between Ezw and Btc.
* Ability to deposit EZW into your wallet provided or use instant exchange, such exchange service use an
intelligent machine to buy the lowest price from exchanges.
* Ezoow has a beautiful interface and designed to be user friendly and become the best choice for its
users.
* Ezoow uses an intelligent program when you set your budget at dashboard member; this program let
you choose only from and restrict search automatically for vacations within your budget.

Ezoow Reward Program
Our services offer a unique reward system to all its members. Our members are offered some
discounts that can be used to make future travel purchases on the platform. It is worth noting that the
Ezw tokens cannot be transferred to another person or sold.

Token Specifications
Allocation of tokens
An Initial Coin Offer will be held to raise money for development of the booking solution. 67% of
tokens will be distributed to community and interested buyers, 3% will be used for bounty and airdrop
to reward enthusiasts of the Ezoow token and encourage online promotion and marketing. 15% of
tokens issued will be allocated to the founding and team working on the project, while 15% will be
reserved for future development.

The total supply of tokens will be 15 Billion EZW and the quantity of the token available for crowd sale is 10 billion EZW.
The soft cap i.e. the minimum amount for the crowdsale to be accomplished is 6,000,000,000 Ezoow tokens.

The hard cap i.e. the maximum token offered is 10,000,000,000 Ezoow tokens.

Ethereum based ERC -20 Token
The Ezoow token will be subscribed to using Ethereum. The token will be issued as standard ERC20
and buyers can store them in Ether wallets. Buyers will pay for the token with the equivalent value of
Ethereum (1 EZW = 0.00000005 ETH) and send it to the Etherscan address
(0x78a2a1029e3168b49d3a276c787050ff5106dcf2). The token will be based Ethereum blockchain
because it is robust, has relatively cheaper transaction fees and smart contracts can be written easily.

How to buy EZOOW token
The crowdsale will hold from 15th of September to 15th of October. To participate in the token sale,
people will register, indicate the amount of Ezoow token they want to buy and complete the KYC
procedure. People from all countries are eligible to participate in the token sale.
1- Ensure you have at least 0.01 ETH in your ERC-20 supported wallet (not the wallet on an exchange)
2- plus 100000 GWei Gas fee.
3- Send only the Ethereum equivalent of the Ezoow tokens you want to buy to this contract address:
0x78a2a1029e3168b49d3a276c787050ff5106dcf2
4- Your EZW will be sent automatically to your wallet.

Roadmap
This section outlines our plans for development of Ezoow, the future releases and
expansions. All the activites are strategic steps towards making Ezoow the first choice for
booking flight tickets, hotel and cabs.

MAY 2018
Start the initial
development of
application

MARCH 2018

Idea

APRIL 2018
- market study
- Determining
the initial
features of
Ezoow service
and application

DECEMBER 2018
Final release of
application with
features of
booking.

JUNUARY 2019
Working on
development and
marketing
including finding
new partners. .

AUGUST 2018
Development of
EZW smart
contract, release
of white paper

JUNE 2018
Working on
development of
Ezoow payment
solution

SEBTEMBER 2018
Crowdsale
establishment

MARCH 2019
Listing on top
3 exchanges.

JUNE 2019
Contracting deals
with the largest
world agencies of
travel booking.

OCTOBER 2018
Crowdsale end
and listing on
Exchanges

JUNUARY 2020
Is planned to be
fully working with
all its features of
booking and EZW
payment to be the
most globally and
lovely solution for
travelers and see
global adoption.

Marketing Strategy
We will create awareness about the Ezoow booking solution through an online advertising
campaign. Press releases about the Ezoow application and token sale will be made on crypto
news sites and popular forums such as Techcrunch, Coindesk and Bitcointalk. The Ezoow
team will grant interviews to relevant media houses and also attend industry events,
conferences and roadshow. The aim is to make the Ezoow brand popular and make it the
people’s choice for travel booking.
Ezoow marketing process will also organize promotions and give out vouchers, coupons and
discounts for flight and booking. We will secure discount on flight and cab tickets from our
partners, this will be restricted to Ezoow users. We already have partnerships with several
travel solution agencies. This will encourage people to use our services at the discounted
prices.
There will also be a referral program through our in-app marketing system. We will also use
our social media accounts to engage with the general public by posting content regularly.

Social Media Accounts
Website
Medium
Twitter
Facebook
Telegram group
Telegram channels
Bitcointalk
Email: support@ezoow.com

Team Members
Our team is made up of seasoned professionals who have several years of experience in
blockchain technology and development

Amel Amrela
CEO & blockchain advisor

Ahmed Watny
CTO & Designer

Yogesh Padsala
Blockchain Developer

Adhik Bagul
UI Developer

Why You Should Invest in Ezoow
Ezoow presents a unique opportunity to tap into the multibillion dollar travel industry by solving the current
unreliable booking processes in place. Ezoow solution provides a number of benefits over other existing
booking solutions in the market, and offers unrivalled value to travelers and investors. We envision that
Ezoow will become the number one and leading booking solution for travelers around the globe with all its
features and Ezoow payment system integrated.

Conclusion

It is evident that blockchain and cryptocurrencies are the future of carrying out financial transactions. As the
tourism, travel and booking industry continues to grow exponentially, having a more efficient, easy to use
and cheaper system is a necessity. Ezoow will leverage on blockchain technology to bring solutions to the
issues faced by travellers and make travelling a more enjoyable experience.

Thank you

