Flowchain
Whitepaper
Version: 3.0 Update: 2019.03.03

FLOWCHAIN

FLOWCHAIN
A distributed ledger for peer-to-peer IoT networks
and real-time data transactions

Jollen Chen, Founder & CEO

jollen@flowchain.io
https://t.me/jollenchen
https://flowchain.co

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited
Al rights reserved. No part of this white paper may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any
means, including photocopying and recording, without the written permission of the copyright holder,
application for which should be addressed to The Flowchain Foundation Limited. Such written
permission must also be obtained before any part of this publication is stored in a retrieval system of
any nature.

Index
A Introduction

1

Abstract

1

Flowchain - A new blueprint for the future of IoT and AI

2

Flowchain IoT blockchain concept

3

B Dilemma and Solution

4

Preliminary

4

Industry Dilemma - "Computing Power" and "Electricity"

5

Private Blockchain Flowchain

5

Real strength - action is the best proof

7

C Flowchain Architecture
The key to the Decentralized IoT

8
9

Software | Flowchain OS - the core technology of AI and IoT

10

Heterogeneous Hardware

11

Hardware | Flowchain Tokenized Chip - the key to organizing IoT Blockchain

16

D PPKI

17

Background

17

Hybrid Blockchain and Use Cases

17

Pseudonymous Authentication Method

18

Puzzle Miner Algorithm

19

E Virtual Blocks

21

The Purpose of Virtual Blocks

21

Conceptual Framework of Virtual Blocks

22

Process and Algorithm of Virtual Blocks

23

Virtual Blocks Miner

26

Virtual Blocks Consensus Algorithm

27

Virtual Blocks Approval Sequence

29

Peer-to-Peer Trusted Computing

31

Security Considerations

32

Object Storage for Time-Series Data

33

F Flowchain Ecosystem

35

Ecosystem Overview - "Partners" and "Platform Users"

35

Alliance for Software and Hardware Integration - EMC Vendors

35

Contributors to improve the platform - Open source developers

36

Collaborators to support the network - Miners

36

Innovators to strengthen the ecosystem - Dapp vendors

37

G Flowchain Team

38

H Flowchain Foundation

40

I Digital Assets

41

FLC Token Type

41

Token Distribution - Token Metrics

42

Private Sale Planning

43

Token Distribution Layer - Public Mining

45

Token Usage

47

Purchase and Use FLC

48

Howey Test

49

J Roadmap

50

K Conclusion

52

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

A Introduction
Abstract
This paper describes the Flowchain distributed ledger technology (DLT), the Flowchain
digital assets (FLC), and the Flowchain IoT solutions (referred to as “products and
services”). Developers, users, and enterprises should pay the products and services in
FLC; further, they can pay the transaction fees to block producers (referred to as
“miners”) on the Flowchain hybrid blockchain network in FLC.
Based on Flowchain innovative technologies, Flowchain’s IoT solutions aim to provide a
Data 2025 Ready total solution to the enterprises. By the year 2025, more than 150B IoT
devices will be connected across the world and most of them will act in a real-time
manner. However, current existing IoT technologies do not provide such real-time
capabilities. By adopting Flowchain IoT solutions, the enterprises can fill the technology
gaps.
Notably, the technology of Flowchain DLT and IoT solutions was built from the ground
up to meet the needs of IoT. Flowchain’s technologies are supported by four peerreviewed papers. Two reviewed papers are published on ACM publications.
In summary, Flowchain is ready for Data 2025. The Flowchain IoT solutions comprise
multiple private blockchains, and a public trusted blockchain, such an architecture is
called Flowchain hybrid blockchain architecture. The private blockchains provide an
Edge Computing environment to ensure better real-time computing capabilities.
Generally, a a large amount of data are transferred from the endpoint (the IoT devices)
to the public cloud. However, the public cloud can not ensure the real-time computing

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

1

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

due to the limited network bandwidth and the long distance of data transfer. The
enterprises can benefit from Flowchain hybrid blockchain with the edge computing
solutions.

Flowchain - A new blueprint for the future of IoT and AI

Figure 1

"Artificial Intelligence (AI)" aims to continuously provide huge amounts of information to
computers, allowing them to develop "Machine Learning" through statistical and
probabilistic analysis methods, and then through "Artificial Neural Networks" to shape
and achieve "Deep Learning"; the ultimate goal is to create a computer that can think
independently like human beings.
Moreover, "Internet of Things (IoT)," proposed by Kevin Ashton, director of the MIT AutoID Center in 1998, aims to connect real-world objects to the Internet through data
capture and communication capabilities. The computer detects, identifies, manages
and controls the device, and has broad market and application prospects in
transportation and logistics, medical field and smart devices.
Flowchain's vision is to adopt the "blockchain" technology and use it to create great
value by connecting the two areas of "Artificial Intelligence" and "Internet of Things" that
are not highly correlated and highly specialized. What Flowchain wants to build is not

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

2

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

just a blockchain technology, but a new blueprint for the future of IoT and artificial
intelligence about a revolution of "AI + IoT."

Flowchain IoT blockchain concept
The IEEE released a newsletter in January 2017 to analyze the technical challenges of
the IoT Blockchain1. It mentioned that from the perspective of IoT Architecture, there
exists several significant technical challenges of the IoT Blockchain. In conclusion, a
"Decentralized IoT Architecture" will be the opportunity to address such technical
challenges.
When the Blockchain technology is applied to the IoT architecture, the "Decentralized"
IoT architecture is required to become a standard discussion topic. However, what
benefits does this decentralized architecture bring to IoT applications? The most critical
issue is Data Privacy. When people transfer IoT data to a specific IoT Platform, they lose
control of valuable data ownership, usage rights, and storage.
Data is the most important asset of the Internet of Things system. Therefore, in view of
the nature of the regression blockchain, IoT Blockchain can provide Data Privacy
solutions for existing IoT network architectures, and at the same time, Data Security can
be improved through the introduction of Trust mechanism. Data Privacy and Data
Security are the major two issues of the IoT architecture, and also have an intersection
of Semantic Web's appeals.
That is to say, from the perspective of application scenario, IoT blockchain technology
does not solve the deep technical problems, but provides the additional commercial
value of Data Privacy and Trust for the existing IoT industry ecology. Therefore, the
reason why Flowchain needs to have a decentralized architecture is not for inventing a
new technology, but the desire to create such additional business value.

1

IoT and Blockchain Convergence: Benefits and Challenges,

http://iot.ieee.org/newsletter/january-2017/iot-and-blockchain-convergence-benefits-and-challenges.html

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

3

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

From a technical perspective, how can we create a Decentralized IoT Architecture? At
present, the most common view is to implement the IoT Network using Peer-to-Peer
technology. The Flowchain project is a system that wants to build an IoT Blockchain in
the same way as Peer-to-Peer Networking.

B Dilemma and Solution
Preliminary
The Edge Device in IoT is mainly based on "Sensor," which does not have enough
computing power, because such sensors are usually constraint devices. Therefore, the
future of data collected will be used as "Data Mining," or as a cultivating AI, developers
must rely on additional "computing power" inputs.
At present, the source of computing power is mainly "Graphics Processing Unit (GPU),"
also known as display core, visual processor, display chip or graphics chip, which is not
only expensive but also expensive to operate. "Electricity" has always been the main
reason for companies to stagnate and hinder the burgeoning development of related
industries such as AI and IoT.
For such an industry dilemma, Flowchain proposes a solution called "Hybrid
Blockchain" which is a combination of "Public Blockchain" and "Private Blockchain."
For such an industry dilemma, Flowchain proposes a solution called "Hybrid
Blockchain" which is a combination of "Public Blockchain" and "Private Blockchain".

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

4

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Industry Dilemma - "Computing Power" and "Electricity"
In recent years, the "Miner" trend brought about by the rise of Bitcoin; a social
movement of global cryptocurrency mining has followed. The Flowchain looks at the
largest computing network ever made – initially estimating that the miners scattered
around the world can provide at least 88,000T of computing power. Instead of investing
in a large capital for building and operating centralized computing power center,
Flowchain proposes a second option – building a decentralized “computing and
resource Pool” (referred to as “Computing Pool”) through the blockchain as the
underlying technology; inviting miners scattered around the world to participante and
share their "idle computing power" and “excess storage space” required by IoT and AI. In
this way, developers who are doing "big data," "machine learning" or "Internet of Things"
can enjoy the computing power and storage space in this decentralized computing and
resource pool at a relatively low cost, forming a "distributed computing power and
network storage platform and the business model.”
It is conservatively estimated that even if only 10% of the miners in the world are
stationed, this computing and resource pool still has a huge computing power of 8,800
T; private companies which need to construct a centralized computing center to provide
such computing power have to invest in a large amount of money to buy GPUs. Such
cost is estimated - 38,000 GPUs (providing 100T of computing power) x 88 x 1,000
dollars (the price of a GPU) = about $3.3 billion. This figure has not yet included
miscellaneous items such as "land acquisition fee", "factory construction fee" and
"electricity fee"; saving such a huge amount of expenses will undoubtedly be a shot in
the arm of AI and IoT and other related industries.

Private Blockchain

Flowchain

By developing exclusive chips and "Software Development Kit (SDK)," Flowchain allows
IoT companies and developers to easily customize their products and services and build

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

5

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

their own IoT Blockchain on the Flowchain platform. The huge amount of data collected
from the device will be passed back to the Flowchain computing and resource pool; the
miner will provide the computing power to calculate the more intelligent "Inference
Engine (AI)", and then push back to the IoT Blockchain to let the device AI Upgrade to
become smarter and more efficient. This escalating positive cycle is the new blueprint
portrayed by Flowchain - "The Fourth Industrial Revolution - AI + IoT Generation."

Figure 2

Compared with most IoT Blockchain, which emphasizes the connectivity technology of
the device, Flowchain thinks that the key point is "Data Flow"; that is, Data is the "Flows"
between the device and the computing and resource pool. The concept is also the origin
of the Flowchain name - "Dataflow's Blockchain."

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

6

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Real strength - action is the best proof
Compared to other blockchain projects, Flowchain officially launched the Token Sale
program in 2018 after completing the preliminary research, development and
prototyping phases.

3

In the research phase, Flowchain has published several peer-reviewed academic papers
listed below.

Figure 4

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

7

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Figure 5

In December 2018, the test network of Flowchain was officially launched. Since its
inception, Flowchain has achieved the ideal blueprint step by step with practical action
and real strength.

C Flowchain Architecture
To make the Flowchain platform more complete, and to build a sustainable blockchain
ecosystem, Flowchain introduces the concept of "blockchain software and hardware
integration." Besides, to create Flowchain Operating System, the underlying technology
of Flowchain, we also take Taiwan’s advantage of the hardware manufacturing industry
and strategic alliance with the Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMC) vendor. This
ecosystem works together to build a complete Flowchain platform.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

8

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

The key to the Decentralized IoT
Is there a technical challenge to implementing a Peer-to-Peer (P2P) network in the IoT
architecture? The goal of implementing P2P IoT Networking is to enable IoT Devices to
establish a P2P communication topology. Such an implementation effort is a technical
challenge. Technically, it may not be much difficult for IoT Devices to form a P2P
network; however, if you go deeper into the technical details, you find much knowledge.
First, consider the application layer, IoT devices communicate with each other by
application layer protocols, such as HTTP. Therefore, we need to be able to run an
"Application Server" on the IoT device, that is, we must implement a "Programming
Framework" before we can develop the Application Server on the IoT device. The
Programming Framework mentioned here can be an IoT operating system or
Middleware, but the main point is why P2P's IoT Networking uses the top-level
application layer protocols; this is an interesting topic worth exploring.
Second, the consideration of heterogeneous hardware. Flowchain started with the
creation of a Web of Things Framework 2. The purpose of this software framework is to
implement a development framework for IoT Application Server in JavaScript. With this
framework, you can achieve two purposes:
1. Can run this IoT Application Server on different IoT Devices
2. Abstraction of IoT Device to Virtual Thing
If the heterogeneous hardware has a JavaScript runtime, the IoT Application Server can
be deployed and run on such hardware device. Because the open source community
has introduced technologies such as Node.js and JerryScript, the idea is now highly
feasible.

2

Web of Things Implementations, https://www.w3.org/WoT/IG/wiki/Implementations

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

9

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Software | Flowchain OS - the core technology of AI and IoT

Figure 6

Flowchain OS is the soul of Flowchain, and also the core technology of bridging
computing pool and IoT Blockchain. Compared with other Blockchain projects which are
built on the Ethereum open source blockchain platform. Flowchain chooses to build
from zero. The new blockchain organization is shown above, and described from
bottom to top -

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

10

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

• JavaScript Runtime

The programming language of Flowchain

JavaScript is one of the most popular programming languages, and it is the leader in the
"GitHub Popular Programming Languages" list, which is why Flowchain uses it as the
primary language of Flowchain. Not only can JavaScript run on different hardware, but
the entry barrier is low, allowing developers in IoT industries to customize their services
and products easily, and then generate more computing tasks on the platform to attract
Miners stationed to accelerate the growth of the Flowchain ecosystem.

Heterogeneous Hardware
The concept of heterogenous hardware is straightforward: a wide range of hardware
devices. The goal of heterogeneous hardware is more straightforward - "Write once, run
everywhere." For IoT Blockchain, it would be a vital issue to build a software framework
that can be implemented and execute on a wide variety of hardware devices.
Using JavaScript to implement the IoT system is popular, but the more substantial
reason is for Heterogenous Hardware. As shown in Figure 7, Flowchain and its
underlying operating system (Devify) are 100% JavaScript implementations, which
solves fundamental portability issues. With today's IoT Device hardware technology,
Flowchain framework can run on Microcontroller, Microprocessor and Cloud Server.
Flowchain is a full-stack software framework, meaning that its implementation from the
bottom to the top uses JavaScript.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

11

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Figure 7

• Web of Things Layer

How to connect between Edge Devices

"Web of Things, WoT" is the application layer of IoT in Web technology. In short, it is the
concept of adding "Uniform Resource Locator (URL)" to IoT - representing each device in
URL over IoT network. In the decentralized IoT network, resources are managed by
implementing the W3C's WoT standard. Just like the HTTP and Web protocols, the
underlying IoT resources can be easily stored and read. Flowchain has been using the
WoT concept since its inception and is the only IoT blockchain project to employ WoT
concept in IoT firm.

• Broker Server Layer

Conversion between public and private blockchains

Flowchain is a hybrid blockchain architecture comprising of a public Proof-of-Work
blockchain and multiple Proof-of-Stake private blockchains. The public blockchain
allows the "miners" who are distributed around the world to participate freely without
permission to providing AI computing power and mining "Pseudonymous
Authentication" to receive block rewards. Also, surrounded by public blockchain, IoT

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

12

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

developers use the Flowchain SDK and the private blockchains of the IoT device
equipped with Flowchain tokenized chips to provide collected information to the
"miners" for calculation. The communication between miners and the IoT device
employs the PPKI mechanism proposed by Flowchain and tokenized chips to validate
the transactions of the information.

Figure 8

• Public Blockchain
Anyone can join the blockchain network, meaning that the blockchain network is entirely
open to users for submitting transactions, accessing shared ledgers, and mining.
Flowchain's AI computing pool is built on the public blockchain. In addition to providing
the Pseudonymous Authentication and computing capabilities required by Machine
Learning and Data Analysis for IoT devices in the private chain, it also has essential
attributes of the blockchain such as immutable, trusted data exchange, and permanent
storage.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

13

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

• Private Blockchain
Unlike public blockchains, only authenticated users can join the private blockchain
network. The user needs to request permissions from an authority in the private
blockchain for joining the network. The authority validates the authenticity of a user, and
grant permissions to authenticated users for submitting transactions and accessing
shared ledgers.

• Peer-to-Peer IoT Networking
Flowchain OS enables IoT devices to form a P2P (Peer-to-Peer) decentralized
blockchain network. In addition to providing data model and data replicas capabilities
for IoT and AI applications, it also ensures security for data and data trusted.

Figure 9

In such a ring structure, the MIT Chord algorithm is used as the node lookup and the
location of the node to which the data belongs. The complexity is reduced from O(logN)
to O(logN/2). Increase the speed of Lookup.

• Hybrid Consensus Node
As shown in figure 10, the Flowchain hybrid blockchain comprises of “private
blockchain,” “hybrid consensus node” and “public blockchain” from the outside to the
inside. The role of the "hybrid consensus node" is as follows:

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

14

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

1. Participation in the private blockchain’s "Byzantine Fault Tolerance"
2. Responsible for "Identify" of IoT devices

Figure 10

Flowchain introduces "Pseudonymous Authentication" technology; the mechanism of
"Pseudonymous Public Key Infrastructure (PPKI) 3" is used to confirm the valid identity of
the IoT device. The process is as follows:
1. Miners on the public chain produce a pair of "Puzzle" and "Lambda” values
2. Hybrid consensus node gets "Puzzle" and "Lambda” value from the public
blockchain.
3. Hybrid consensus node broadcasts "Puzzle" to all IoT devices in the private
blockchain
4. During the effective period of Puzzle, the IoT device that answers the puzzle
answer at the same time can become "Authenticated" during this time.
5. Miners who assist in generating Puzzle and participating in the trusted device
verification process will be rewarded with FlowchainCoin.

3

Hybrid Blockchain and Pseudonymous Authentication for Secure and Trusted IoT Networks (J. Chen,

2018)

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

15

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

• Distributed Ledger Layer

API/SDK for developers

"Decentralized applications (Dapps)" are computer programs consisting of smart
contracts or programmatic self-execution protocols. Flowchain's Dapps are written in
JavaScript and can be applied to different hardware to make IoT developers easily
customizing their services and products.

Hardware | Flowchain Tokenized Chip - the key to organizing IoT
Blockchain
The Flowchain tokenized chip, which was developed in collaboration with strategic
partners, will be utilized by edge devices in the private blockchains. Subsequently, the
Hybrid Node miners use PPKI, the PKI replacement proposed by Flowchain, to
authenticate edge devices to enable them joining the Flowchain network. By joining the
network, edge devices can submit data to the public blockchain. PPKI is Flowchain’s
unique security solution for IoT authentication. Section D describes the PPKI concept
and algorithms.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

16

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

D PPKI
Background
"Public Key Infrastructure"; also known as PKI is an information infrastructure consisted
of hardware, software, participants, management policies and processes which
designed to create, manage, distribute, use, store, and revoke digital credentials.
The Internet of Things (IoT) devices can generate and exchange security-critical data
over the IoT network. Many IoT networks use the public-key infrastructure (PKI) to
authenticate devices and ensure the data security as well as the data privacy. The IoT
device has to sign the generated data by a digital public key, and deliver the data to the
network for exchanging. However, such authentication method tends to be expensive
for an IoT device regarding computing power and energy consumption.
In summary, there are hundreds of millions of devices on the IoT operating at the same
time. If PKI is used as a consensus mechanism, it will consume huge resources and
time, causing system paralysis. Therefore, Flowchain proposed PPKI in particular to
replace the traditional PKI on the private blockchains.

Hybrid Blockchain and Use Cases
A hybrid blockchain comprises of public and private blockchains. The hybrid blockchain
creates openness and trust of transactions in the public blockchain, and protect the
privacy-sensitive data in the private blockchain. Such technique has already been
proposed to secure blockchains and applied to digital rights management . The use
cases of the hybrid blockchain are as follows.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

17

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

1. In a hybrid blockchain, the private blockchain can determine which
transactions are public, and submit these transactions to the public
blockchain for open access.
2. In a hybrid blockchain, the public blockchain can store transactions to secure
data provenance.
Based on the application design and business logic, the blockchain architect can use
the public blockchain, private blockchain, or a hybrid model by leveraging the benefits of
both public and private blockchains. To achieve a secure and inexpensive blockchain for
the IoT, Flowchain introduces Hybrid Blockchain Architecture as shown in Figure 2 to
enable fast authentication by eliminating the concept of traditional PKI methods.
Furthermore, our work can address the technical challenge of achieving an efficient and
secure IoT device to exchange the captured data by blockchain technology.
The miners on the public blockchain can ensure fast certification comes from the Edge
Device on the private blockchain, speeding up the transfer of data to each other. PPKI is
one of the innovative technologies of the Flowchain blockchain, and Flowchain is also
the world's first blockchain to introduce PPKI technology.

Pseudonymous Authentication Method
As previously described, the distributed computing uses the full authentication
technique such as the PKI to control access to their networks. Also, most existing
blockchains use such PKI technique to authenticate users, secure the communications
and verify transactions by multi-party computation4. However, the study5 has figured
that such PKI technique is too strong to enable a fast communication. Specifically, the
IoT blockchain need to authenticate nodes with fast; as such, Flowchain proposes the
4

S. Goldwasser and Y. Lindell. Secure multi-party computation without agreement. Journal of Cryptology,

18(3):247–287, 2005.
5

J. Katz, A. Miller, and E. Shi. Pseudonymous broadcast and secure computation from cryptographic puz-

zles. 2015.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

18

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

pseudonymous authentication technique to address such technical challenge. The
pseudonymous authentication uses the technique of computational puzzles solving to
replace the PKI to enable a fast authentication.
Moreover, such PKI technique is too strong that it involves confirming the identity of a
user by validating the authenticity of a user with a digital certificate. Unlike a strong
authentication technique, the user is anonymous in such pseudonymous authentication
system, and the system validates the authenticity of the anonymous user by the
consensus of the solution. The pseudonymous authentication uses a weaker but
secures enough authenticity system. The blockchains such as Bitcoin which don't use
strong authentication systems have proven the notion of pseudonymous authentication
to be a tremendous success. In summary, figure 10 shows that IoT nodes in the hybrid
blockchain network are pseudonymously authenticated in the private permissioned
blockchain to ensure near real-time transactions.

Puzzle Miner Algorithm
The users, represented as IoT nodes in this paper, can join the private blockchain and
submit transactions to the public blockchain by solving a computational puzzle mined
by the miners. The puzzles are computed by miners in the public blockchain, and
broadcasting to the private blockchains.
Flowchain hybrid blockchain uses a lottery function to generate Konami Code which can
be used to verify the solution. Formally, let λ be Konami Code, a truly random magic
string generated by the lottery function, and each puzzle is bound to this Konami Code.
Let Fpuz be the puzzle solving function, and Ui represents each user.
Then, if the user does not submit the solution of the puzzle to the public blockchains
within a fixed time interval, the public blockchain assumes that the user is
unauthenticated. Also, the transactions submitted by the unauthenticated user are
considered untrusted which can be discarded. Therefore, untrusted transactions will not

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

19

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

be recorded in the public blockchain. This paper assumes that the user can solve a
puzzle within a fixed time interval σ, then the mining process of the miners is as follows.

Puzzle Miner Algorithm:
1. Ui starts receiving λ from the broadcasting
2. Let Puzzle be a function and §j be a string; Ui receives a puzzle (Puzzle, xj) from a
peer Uj in the private blockchain over the p2p network
3. Let Puzzle(λ) gives an arbitrary-length vector ~x of the Konami Code, then ~x =
(x1, . . . , xn), n < j
4. Let Fpuz maintain a set T of puzzle solutions, then Fpuz computes each entry in
~x, let yi = Fpuz(xi), i = (1, . . . , j)
5. The miners say that Ui solves the puzzle (Puzzle, xj) if Fpuz successfully finds yi =
xj within the time interval σ
6. Fpuz returns §j to Uj and stores H = (~x, yi, ) in T
7. The miners and Uj confirm the user Ui is authenticated

Also, the user Ui can thus use H to sign transactions and submit the transactions to the
public blockchains for verifying; the submit process be as follows.
Transactions Submit Process:
1. The trusted user Ui produces a message or receives a message from another
user through the p2p network; formally, let M be this message
2. The trusted user Ui has the key pair (ski, pii); let Sign be the signature function
3. Let Ti be the new transaction and Hash be a hash function so that Ti =
Hash(Sign(M), H, pki)
4. Ui submits Ti to the public blockchain

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

20

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

E Virtual Blocks
The blockchain for the IoT has considered an emerging technology for creating more
secure and more cost-effective IoT systems. Despite a myriad of projects on blockchain
IoT, few of them have investigated how an IoT blockchain system works in practice. In
this paper, we introduce Flowchain, an open source distributed ledger programming
framework for peer-to-peer IoT networks and real-time data transactions.
The main feature of the Flowchain framework is Virtual Blocks that provides a new
blockchain data structure design to ensure the real-time data transactions. This chapter
describes a detailed technical description of the proposed implementation.

The Purpose of Virtual Blocks
This section identify an apparent reason for Virtual Blocks to existing in Flowchain
technologies. Bitcoin, a frequently referenced cryptocurrency, uses a distributed
database system called a blockchain. The Bitcoin blockchain can operate without any
central server that the transactions stored with high trust. As the Bitcoin blockchain
uses “unverified pool” to queue new transactions, the average waiting time for verifying
a transaction could be 15 minutes that not in a real-time manner. Thus, to address this
technical challenge, the main aim of the Flowchain distributed ledger is to provide a
dedicated blockchain system for the IoT that can process and record transactions in a
real-time manner. Flowchain presents a new mechanism called Virtual Blocks to provide
such real-time transactions ability.
Moreover, IoT hardware varies, e.g., resource-constrained devices, mobile devices, and
high-performance server frames that the computing power varies from devices.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

21

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Although memory-bound functions have been proposed to deal with such
heterogeneous hardware to avoid “mining competition” and denial-of-service attacks,
this technique cannot be employed in IoT devices. A resource-constrained device has
limited computational power and memory resource; therefore, memory-bound hash
functions do not perform well on such IoT devices. Consequently, the proposed Virtual
Block system can also address such technical challenges.

Conceptual Framework of Virtual Blocks
Followed by figure 6, the proposed blockchain data structure is called Virtual Blocks, and
it aims to provide real-time data transactions. Flowchain initially creates branches for
each node when nodes mine their Virtual Blocks. This design can estimate the block
“forks” exception during the mining process. In this way, Flowchain can act in a real-time
manner through maintaining “valid and invalid blocks.”
Algorithm 1

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

22

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

As shown in Algorithm 1, the important Flowchain data structure design features are as
follows.
1. Five IoT devices are labeled N1 to N5, and each device is a “node” in a peer-topeer network.
2. All nodes are mining blocks that use the same genesis block.
3. In other words, each node creates a new “branch” for mining; thus, there is no
blockchain “fork.”
4. Every block in each branch is called a Virtual Block.
5. Virtual Blocks can be labeled as valid or invalid.
6. Only valid blocks are available to record transactions.
The most significant design feature of the Flowchain data structure is that every node
can only mine blocks at its branch. Therefore, Virtual Blocks do not need to be
synchronized with all nodes because nodes do not “compete” to mine new blocks.

Process and Algorithm of Virtual Blocks
Technically, “mining” is a mechanism and distributed consensus system that can verify
and record such transactions. In Flowchain, the Virtual Block system can label blocks as
valid or invalid. Valid blocks act as a secure ledger that stores transaction records.
Although Flowchain and Bitcoin use the same SHA-256 hash algorithm, Flowchain has a
very different mining algorithm design. The proposed design allows an IoT device to
operate more stably when mining blocks. As shown in Algorithm 2, a node receives a
key-value pair through the peer-to-peer network and then stores it in a valid block.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

23

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Algorithm 2
Node.on(‘message’, function(key, value) {
// Get a valid block of the device’s blockchain
N = GetOneValidBlock(chains)
// Put key-value pair in block “N”
PutToBlock( N, { key: value } );
});

Algorithm 3
Difficulties = [
‘0000FFFFFFFFFFFF’, // [0.0, 0.2)
‘000FFFFFFFFFFFFF’, // [0.2, 0.4)
‘00FFFFFFFFFFFFFF’, // [0.4, 0.6)
’0FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF’, // [0.6, 0.8)
’FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF’ // [0.8, 1.0)
]

Moreover, Flowchain will use the probability distribution as a mechanism to update the
mining difficulty and thus Flowchain can have a cost-effective mining system.
1. Reliability probability - A probability calculation can directly reference an IoT
device’s “reliability.”
2. Probability density - Use the reliability as the variance input of the probability
density function.
Furthermore, to facilitate a faster and more cost-effective mining algorithm, a
predefined difficulty table can easily implement such an algorithm. For example, the
leading zeros will increase the degree of difficulty. The mining becomes increasingly
difficult with more leading zeros. Algorithm 3 shows that the miner can simply search
the difficulty table and pick a value according to the probability.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

24

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

The miner labels new virtual blocks found as valid, and as any invalid condition occurs,
the current in use virtual block becomes invalid. Invalid virtual blocks are treated as
deleted, and they will no longer become valid again.
The invalid conditions can vary between different types of IoT hardware. For example,
the operating system on a resource-constrained device may enter the starvation status
due to the resource leaks. In general, invalid conditions are dependent on a result from
such starvation problems, application process abnormal termination (e.g., crash,
restart), the operating system exceptions (e.g., out of memory, out of disk space), and
the program errors, such as the network disconnection error.
Also, to reduce the complexity of maintaining valid and invalid blocks, Listing 3 shows
an O(1) implementation that labels the latest block as a Most Recently Used (MRU)
block; thus, every IoT device will have only a single valid block.
Algorithm 4
Node.on(‘message’, function(key, value) {
// N is the length of the blockchain.
// Put payload in the latest block in the blockchain.
// This is to say; only the latest block is valid for use.
PutToBlock( chains[N-1], { key: value } );
});

In theory, these systems can simply condition the impossibility of starvation, abnormal,
exceptions and errors as mentioned earlier so that Flowchain can employ this single
valid block model.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

25

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Virtual Blocks Miner
Algorithm 5

This section describes the algorithm of the virtual block miner. As previously described,
Flowhain can build a private blockchain that the IoT devices can self-organize as a p2p
network. Every Flowchain IoT Node in the private blockchain has a local blockchain that
keeps the privacy-sensitive data. Algorithm 5 depicts the concept of virtual blocks and
the local blockchain. The local blockchain starts from the genesis block and is chained
by virtual blocks mined by a local miner executing on the IoT node.
Algorithm 6

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

26

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Algorithm 7

1. The block time is determined by P, the Poisson distribution function
2. The value of P is resulted by stakes such as the battery level and WiFi signal
strength
3. At the time t1, P predicts that if the termination time of the current block is
exactly early than the end of t1, than block #1 is successfully mined
4. The local miner continues to step 2 and 3 to mine more virtual blocks
Flowchain comprised a mining-based proof-of-stake model for IoT devices that the
block time, the time to find a valid block, is predictable and can be timed in a fixed
number calculation per second. Furthermore, Kraft and Daniel 6 studied the predictable
block times for various hash-rate scenarios as the Poisson process with timedependent intensity. Therefore, we model the prediction of block times as a Poisson
probability density function to ensure a cost-effective difficulty control system.
Algorithm 6(a) depicts the concept of this mining process.
In Algorithm 6(a), the local miner predicts that block #2 can be found at t2, and block
#4 can be found at t9. The block time of block #4 is longer than expected because that
the WiFi signal is weak at time t4 to t8.

Virtual Blocks Consensus Algorithm
This section describes the consensus algorithm of virtual blocks miner.The Byzantine
agreement is a consensus algorithm to avoid distort data 7 across p2p nodes.
Technically, the Byzantine agreement is a distributed decision-making process that
some amount of nodes are agreed on transactions and can replicate the data; such a

6

D. Kraft. Difficulty control for blockchain-based consensus systems. Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applica-

tions, 9(2):397–413, 2015.
7

L. Lamport, R. Shostak, and M. Pease. The byzantine generals problem. ACM Transactions on Program-

ming Languages and Systems, 4(3):382–401, 1982.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

27

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

mechanism is also known as fault-tolerance., and Byzantine agreement is known as
Byzantine Fault-Tolerant (BFT). Therefore, the private blockchain can also agree on
the private transactions by fault-tolerance, meaning that the p2p network in the private
blockchain can replicate a certain of private transactions.
In general, if a maximum number of n node can distort data, a BFT algorithm can be
achieved with a total of 3n+1 nodes to tolerate the network. However, if nodes can not
distort application data submitted through them, then an amount of 2n+1 nodes is
capable of tolerance the network. There are various BFT implementations such as
Practical Byzantine Fault-Tolerant (PBFT) 8, and Speculative Byzantine Fault Tolerant
(Zyzzyva) 9 can be employed in the private blockchains of our hybrid model. The
implementation is a selection according to the difference in their business logic.
As described previously, we present a local miner by which virtual blocks are mined.
Moreover, the genesis block is pre-defined by the private blockchain developers. As
Algorithm 5 previously figured that the genesis block, formally denoted as G, which is
pre-defined by private blockchain developers, and there are give entities ε1, ε2, ε3, ε4,
and ε5 in a private blockchain. As such, Algorithm 6(a) depicts the process of local
mining, and the following example shows ε1.
1. The public blockchain has σ slices per second, meaning that the puzzle miner
uses a fixed time interval mining mechanism
2. The puzzle miners in the public blockchain are broadcasting λ1 at time t1
3. The Flowchain node ε1 has a sensory data, formally denoted Μ, and ε1
generates a transaction T1 =Hash(Sign(M), H, pki)

8

M. Castro and B. Liskov. Practical byzantine fault tolerance. In Proceedings of the Third Symposium on Op-

erating Systems Design and Implementation, OSDI ’99, pages 173–186, Berkeley, CA, USA, 1999. USENIX
Association.
9

R. Kotla, L. Alvisi, M. Dahlin, A. Clement, and E. Wong. Zyzzyva: Speculative byzantine fault tolerance.

SIGOPS Oper. Syst. Rev., 41(6):45–58, Oct. 2007.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

28

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

4. The Flowchain node ε1 successfully mines Block #1 after Fpuz solving the
puzzle bound with λ1, and stores t1 in virtual block Block #1 of ε1
5. ε1 repeats steps 2, 3, and 4, until the end of σ slices and resulting in a total
number of 5 transactions, [Τ1,..., Τ5], which were stored in virtual block Block #1
6. ε1 subsequently continues to get λ2 at t1, as well as resulting in 10
transactions, [Τ6,..., Τ15], which were stored in virtual block Block #2
7. At the time t3, the IoT node ε1 submits [Τ1,..., Τ15] in the virtual blocks, Block
#1 and Block # 2, to the private blockchain network
8. All authenticated nodes in the private blockchain can join the consensus
activity to agree on [Τ1,..., Τ15], that all the transactions will become trusted
9. The BFT consensus can ensure that trusted transactions [Τ1,..., Τ15] were
replicated in the private blockchain, meaning that the private blockchain is
capable of fault-tolerance of private trusted transactions.
Algorithm 6(b) shows such local mining technique that the Flowchain node was
pseudonymously authenticated to submit transactions at (ti, tj, tk). Furthermore, the
above process also gives the deferred submission concept. The Flowchain node
can gather transactions in its virtual blocks and submit gathered transactions to the
public blockchain in a future time.

Virtual Blocks Approval Sequence
Flowchain uses a “mining-transaction-approval-verify” process which forwards the
transactional data to the endpoint before verification rather than the typical
“transaction-mining-verify” process.
Regarding the process (6) of Algorithm 8, N’ forwards the chunk data to the endpoint
after recording the transaction in the distributed ledger. At this time, Flowchain will not

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

29

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

label this transaction as a “verified transaction.” Subsequently, in the process (7), the
endpoint requests “approval” via one node of the peer-to-peer network. The previously
mentioned transaction will only become a verified transaction if the peer-to-peer
network successfully verifies it. In conclusion, Flowchain will recognize the transaction
as a verified transaction when the endpoint requests to approve it. Thus, the Flowchain
transaction process represents a “mining-transaction-approval-verify” model. This
mechanism is the most important Flowchain design element.
Algorithm 8

Algorithm 8 shows the process (11) that N’ marks txID as verified after completing the
approval request of the endpoint. Then, Flowchain grants one FlowchainCoin token to
N’. Note that N’ can obtain more FlowchainCoin by completing more approval jobs. In
this manner, Flowchain comprises a resource-based proof-of-stake mining approach to
mine new blocks. An IoT node can deposit “tokens” by joining and completing “approval”
jobs. The miner ensures the node’s minimum resource requirements, such as network
bandwidth, battery level, Wi-Fi signal strength, and the “coins.” Thus, the Flowchain

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

30

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

difficulty algorithm uses the number of tokens held by a node along with the resource
requirements to calculate the reliability probability. In short, IoT nodes need to hold a
few amount of FlowchinCoin tokens in order to join the consensus process and
submit their data transactions.

Peer-to-Peer Trusted Computing
Flowchain’s virtual blocks subsystem is responsible for real-time transactions and
recording trusted data. Also, the Flowchain distributed ledger treats each data slice (the
“chunk” data) in a time series or streaming data as a separate transaction, and
Flowchain IoT nodes transfer each transaction to the peer-to-peer network for
consensus. As such, Flowchain employs the Chord algorithm to exchange chunk data
over the peer-to-peer network.
Each data slice is hashed by a double SHA-256 hash function to the corresponding data
“key.” Chunk data comprise sliced data and the data key. Then, Flowchain IoT nodes
forward the chunk data to the chunk data’s “successor” node over the Chord ring. The
Chord protocol and algorithm organize all IoT devices as a peer-to-peer network in a
“ring” topology. The successor node lookup via the DHT with the data key processes the
chunk data: Create a new transaction from the chunk data and store it in a valid block
after verification.
Algorithm 9 shows the successor(key) function of the Chord algorithm that finds the
data key’s node through the peer-to-peer network. The successor node is represented
as N’. When N’ receives the chunk data, it combines the valid block ID and the data key
to generate a transaction ID. To ensure data privacy, N’ can also sign the transaction
with its private key embedded in the hardware. Finally, N’ creates a record that
comprises the transaction ID and the chunk data and stores the record in a valid block.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

31

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Security Considerations
Obviously, given the data key’s hash generation algorithm, it is natural that the
successor node is random and difficult to predict. In other words, the time series and
streaming data are stored and distributed across IoT devices. Algorithm 10 simulates
four transactions from a time-series that each transaction is forwarded to the peer-topeer network in sequence. Regarding the simulation process, it is evident that the
successor node of each transaction is unpredictable. Thus, this design helps to ensure
data security. In summary, Flowchain can ensure the IoT data security by using this
chunk data model in which the distributed ledger stores transactional data across
different IoT devices.
Algorithm 9

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

32

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Algorithm 10

Object Storage for Time-Series Data
Flowchain distributed ledger technology proposes a Linked Data document to support
time series database (TSDB) via the semantic web technology. Time series data stored
across the distributed ledgers requires the ability of fast access to the data store and
retrieve, thus, Flowchain uses JSON-LD as the primary linked data technology to
structure the transaction into a simple key-value document to make access to data
more efficient. Furthermore, several studies10 11 have presented NoSQL databases as
the high-performance key-value stores; thus, Flowchain uses Google LevelDB12, a
10

Forfang, C., Bratsberg, S.: Evaluation of High Performance Key-Value Stores (2014).

11

Cattell, R.: Scalable SQL and NoSQL data stores. ACM SIGMOD Record. 39, 12 (2011).

12

LevelDB, http://leveldb.org

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

33

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

lightweight NoSQL database, as the backend engine to implement such TSDB
technology.
Algorithm 11
N’.PutToBlock(block, doc) {
db = DatabaseAdapter.getDatabase();
txID = SHA256( SHA256( block.id + doc.key ) );
tx = new Transaction( doc.value );
tx.sign( privateKey );
record = {
“@context”: “http://flowchain.io/ledger-context.jsonld”,
“txID”: txID,
“tx”: tx
};
db.put( record );
}

Algorithm 11 shows that the IoT node N’ presents a transaction record in the JSON-LD
document format. The use of Linked Data for Distributed Ledgers together with a
NoSQL engine as the TSDB backend ensures the data access efficiency.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

34

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

F Flowchain Ecosystem
Ecosystem Overview - "Partners" and "Platform Users"
In the ecosystem of Flowchain platform, different roles need to be involved to create a
new blueprint for AI + IoT. Participants are mainly divided into "cooperating partners"
and "platform users"; the former includes "EMC manufacturers" and "Flowchain
developers", while the latter includes "Dapp developers", "private blockchain builder" and
"miners".

Figure 11

Alliance for Software and Hardware Integration - EMC Vendors
In the Flowchain ecosystem, EMC vendors as partners will work with Flowchain
1. Develop Flowchain tokenized chips for Edge Device of IoT Blockchain

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

35

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

2. Providing the initial computing power of the platform - EMC manufacturers will
build private computing centers, which will be put into the Flowchain network
during the idle period of operation to provide computing power.

Contributors to improve the platform - Open source developers
Flowchain is a "platform model" based on Blockchain technology. Compared to
"product" or "service", it requires more manpower to develop and maintain. Therefore,
Flowchain will invest an amount of money to set up a software foundation to build its
own developer community, inviting all the best players to improve and complete the
Flowchain function.

Collaborators to support the network - Miners
In Flowchain ecosystem, miners get block rewards (referred to as FLC) by completing
the AI computation and consensus tasks assigned by the computing pool. The task
details are as follows:
1. Participate in the AI computing tasks assigned by the computing pool and
contribute the ide GPU computing power
2. Participate in the Flowchain public blockchain network to ensure that the
public blockchain has sufficient GPU computing power and generate secure
"Puzzle" and "Lambda" with PPoW technology, making the PPKI mechanism
stronger.
3. When the miner is not assigned to the AI computing task, the Ethereum can
still be used for mining, effectively utilizing the idle computing power.
In the distribution model of Flowchain Token, 70% of the max token supply will be
issued in Token Distribution Layer (virtual mining). The concept is as follows:

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

36

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

1. Expect to use public mining model for establishing the community of sharing
computing power for the AI and IoT
2. The public mining model can establish a more reliable way of issuing tokens.
And also reduce possible fraud and investment in speculation.
In addition, Flowchain's virtual mining mechanism also uses "Stake" as the basis for AI
computing task assignments. 13
1. The miner can convert the Ethereum token (ETH) mined during the idle time of
Flowchain public blockchain mining to FLC.
2. The conversion process will be through the Ethereum smart contract, which
will leave a transaction record on the Ethereum public blockchain. The
conversions are considered as the stake of the Flowchain miner.
3. Miners with higher stakes will have the priority of AI computing tasks
assignments.

Innovators to strengthen the ecosystem - Dapp vendors
In the past, developers who stayed outside the industry because of "computing power"
and "electricity" can now enter the IoT industry with relatively low development and
operating costs to develop their IoT products and services because of the strategic
layout of Flowchain on software and hardware.

13

Jollen Chen. 2018. Hybrid blockchain and pseudonymous authentication for secure and trusted IoT net-

works. SIGBED Rev. 15, 5 (November 2018), 22-28. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1145/3292384.3292388

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

37

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

G Flowchain Team

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

38

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Flowchain is an IoT blockchain open source project from Taiwan and is operated by the
Flowchain Foundation. The Flowchain core team is based in Taiwan and includes open
source contributors, part-time consultants and academic partners from the world.

Flowchain Core Team
Jollen Chen

Founder and CEO

Angelina Huang

PR and Marketing Lead

Junus Chen

General Counsel

Patrick Lo

Operations Lead

Jin Wang

Business Lead of Greater China

Ellaine Lin

Project Manager

Ben Shiue

Open Source Team

Archer Huang

Open Source Team

Red One

Open Source Team

Polo Wu

Open Source Team

Roy Chen

Open Source Team

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

39

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

H Flowchain Foundation
The Flowchain Foundation has three offices in Singapore, Taipei and Shenzhen, which
are responsible for different businesses, as shown in the figure -

Figure 12

Flowchain Foundation is based in Singapore and is responsible for Flowchain
community support and global marketing efforts, with Flowchain founder Jollen Chen
as CEO. The office in Shenzhen with the management team Jin and Chalmers is
responsible for business development in China. The office in Taipei is responsible for
delivering Flowchain IoT solutions to global.
The Flowchain Foundation is also responsible for the planning and supervision of the
use of Flowchain digital assets and managing Flowchain working capital; the use of
Flowchain working capital will be discussed by the Flowchain Foundation's budget
committee and will be based on integrity, openness, fairness and transparency.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

40

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

I Digital Assets
The tokenized hardware technology provided by Flowchain enables the intelligent data
on the IoT Network to be converted into valuable digital assets via the Flowchain
network, the digital assets are called FlowchainCoin (FLC).
As a digital asset of Flowchain, FLC will ensure the security and correctness of data by
means of tokenized IoT hardware. It can also make precious digital assets to be
transferred quickly and securely under without any third party.

Name

FlowchainCoin

Symbol

FLC

Type

Utility Token / Dapps Token

Contract Address

0x5b53f9755f82439cba66007ec7073c59e0da4a7d

Supply

1,000,000,000

Platform

Ethereum / ERC-20

FLC Token Type
FlowchainCoin (FLC) token is a Utility Token, sold in Ether as a forward purchase of
Flowchain products and services. It can be transferred to other individuals or entities
freely. The token holders purchase FLC Tokens at a discounted price during the private
sale period and can resell the FLC tokens to other players for them to purchase the
products and services at a market price.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

41

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Token Distribution - Token Metrics
Flowchain encourages the community to support the network by participating in the
activities of the Flowchain network. Thus, we use the Ethereum Distribution Layer
technology to distribute most of the FLC tokens. The Distribution Layer adopts the
public mining mechanism to reward mining nodes. Please refer to the following table for
FLC token metrics. Figure 13 shows the FLC token distribution metrics.

Figure 13

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

42

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Team

10%

Incentives for the founder and genesis team

Bounty

5%

Building and reward for the community

Company

5%

Private Sale

20%

Long-term project funding

Block Rewards

60%

Incentives for nodes to join Flowchain mainet

Reserve for marketing, advisors reward, and business
development

Private Sale Planning
The Flowchain project didn’t have ICOs and this section describes the schedule plan of
private sales.
Private Sale, 5% of the total supply, is allocated to fund project development. We
consider the funds for each stage of development.

Stage

Details

Schedule

• Price: 1 ETH = 6400 FLC
Presale

• KYC needed

Start: June 1, 2018

• Limited to accredited investors

Close: July 1, 2018

• Token distribution: immediately
• Price: 200 TUSD = 5000 FLC
Private Sale A

• KYC needed

Start: December 1, 2018

• Accredited investors

Close: January 1, 2019

• 1-Year Lock / 1 Month Cliff / Monthly vest

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

43

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

• Planned to launch on April 1, 2019
• Price: TBD
Private Sale B

• KYC / AML needed
• Accredited Investors and Partners
• 2-Year Lock / 6 Month Cliff / Monthly vest
• Planned to launch on October 1, 2019
• Price: TBD

Private Sale C

• KYC / AML needed
• Accredited Investors and Partners
• 3-Year Lock / 6 Month Cliff / Monthly vest
• Planned to launch on December 1, 2019
• Price: TBD

Private Sale D

• KYC / AML needed
• Accredited Investors and Partners
• 3-Year Lock / 6 Month Cliff / Monthly vest

The Flowchain project started in 2015, from 2015 to 2017, the project has published
several peers reviewed papers to support its technology and methodology. The initial
working prototype was committed on December 23, 2016, by Jollen, the creator of
Flowchain. Please refer to https://github.com/flowchain/flowchain-ledger/tree/
189caf2625b82d3459dcd7ee611bfcc36afde2be for the initial commit (hash:
189caf2625b82d3459dcd7ee611bfcc36afde2be).

Also, a working testnet has already launched on June 26, 2018, along with a
comprehensive open source project accessible at https://github.com/flowchain. The

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

44

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Private Sale A was closed on December 31, 2018, that the token holders can access the
open source project and the testnet. The live network is operational before the private
sale. Figure 14 shows the budget allocation of funds.

Figure 14

Token Distribution Layer - Public Mining
FlowchainCoin (FLC) is the digital assets of valuing Flowchain networks. As previously
described, the FLC can tokenized hardware to enable digital assets exchange without
any central party, meaning that FLC token is a kind of hardware crypto token to protect
your data and ensure data privacy. Technically, Flowchain uses FLC as the crypto
technology to ensure data trust that would be the originators of the data.
The token metrics show that FLC can be distributed as block rewards by public mining.
Figure 15 shows there are three types of nodes that can mine FLC by participating in the
Flowchain network.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

45

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

• Hybrid Node Miner (Edge Node Miner)
In the Flowchain network, edge node miners have to join the Flowchain mining pool and
contribute their network bandwidth to broadcast puzzles to IoT devices.

• IPFS Node Miner
In the Flowchain network, IPFS miners have to join the Flowchain mining pool as well
and contribute their storage to deploy Flowchain dapps and store dapp data.
Flowchain Dapp, which integrates Flowchain and IPFS DAG distributed technology, is
responsible for validating transactions of streaming data and store the streaming data
in IPFS network.
The integration of Flowchain/IPFS has been tested on the Flowchain Testnet. The
Flowchain network can combine with IPFS nodes to process live video streams.

How Flowchain/IPFS Works
Flowchain

Provides Virtual Blocks technology to handle chunked data

IPFS

Distributed storage and retrieval

Flowchain+IPFS

Flowchain hybrid blockchain technology interactives with IPFS Merkle
DAG

Flowchain/IPFS Dapps

The application layer of Flowchain+IPFS

IPFS Node

Execute Flowchain dapps

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

46

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

• AI Node Miner
In the Flowchain network, AI node miners have to join the Flowchain mining pool as well
and contribute their GPU compute power to execute Flowchain dapps.
From the perspective of block rewards, users can lease their excess computing power
and free storage space (the “Resources”) through the Flowchain network and get FLC as
block rewards. Hybrid node miners, IPFS node miners, and AI node miners that
contribute resources on Flowchain Network can receive such block rewards.

Figure 15

Token Usage
FLC is the only way to access Flowchain Network. FLC holders have to deposit FLC in
Flowchain hardware to proof the “stake” in order to access Flowchain Network. By
accessing Flowchain Network, the hardware can run Flowchain Miner to participate in
public mining for block rewards. We’ve already shipped two such products listed below.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

47

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

Flowchain/IPFS
Network Storage
Solution

AI Mining Inc offers an enterprise-class network storage solution
based onFlowchain and IPFS. The solution can store real-time data
streams on IPFS nodes through Flowchain distributed ledgers. It is
especially suitable for video live broadcast and media streaming
applications.
Please visit https://aimining.io for more product information

Mooncake

To embrace the future of 5G and IoT Edge Computing, AI Mining and
Maker Diary provide “Mooncake” development kits for IoT developers.
Mooncake has a built-in Flowchain OS that supports Bluetooth,
Thread, IEEE 802.15.4, 2.4GHz and other wireless communication
protocols. For developers interested in IoT blockchain technology,
Mooncake can be used as an Edge Computing node and become a
Flowchain hybrid node in Flowchain hybrid blockchain network.
Please visit https://aimining.io for more product information

Purchase and Use FLC
FlowchainCoin (FLC) tokens are traded on the following major digital assets exchanges.
Please visit https://flowchain.co/flc/tokenize.html for information on how to use FLC.
Exchange

Market

Direct Link

Digifinex

FLC/ETH

https://www.digifinex.com/en-ww/trade/ETH/FLC

IDAX

FLC/USDT

https://www.idax.pro/#/exchange?pairname=FLC_USDT

FLC/BTC

https://www.bitmart.com/trade/en?symbol=FLC_BTC

FLC/ETH

https://www.bitmart.com/trade/en?symbol=FLC_ETH

BitMart

Please visit https://flowchain.co for future exchange updates.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

48

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

• Wallet
We suggest MetaMask or Trust Wallet manage your FLC tokens. These popular wallets
can protect your digital assets with high security.

• Risk Notice
Risk Notice A private key is necessary to control and dispose of FLC stored in your
digital wallet or vault. Accordingly, loss of requisite private key(s) associated with your
digital wallet or vault storing FLC will result in loss of such FLC. Accordingly, the value of
FLC tokens is currently very volatile. Flowchain Foundation does not have any means of
recovering lost tokens or stabilizing the token value, buy at your own risk.

• Legal Disclaimer and Token Sale T7C
Please visit https://flowchain.co/documents/index.html for Legal Disclaimer and FLC
Token Sale Terms and Conditions (T&C) and Risk Notice.

Howey Test
This paper has already made detailed Howey Test according to A Securities Law
Framework for Blockchain Token. Our overall risk score is 0, which is very unlikely to be
considered as a security.
Please refer to Appendix A for Howay Test Report.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

49

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

J Roadmap

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

50

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

51

FLOWCHAIN WHITEPAPER

K Conclusion

According to IDC reports in 2018, real-time data represents 15% of the datasphere in
2017 and almost 30% by 2025. The increasing need for real-time data will profoundly
affect the user experiences and should be addressed with a better IoT improvement.
Overall, the Flowchain IoT Blockchain solution provides a dedicated blockchain system
for the IoT that can ensure data security on a promise of real-time transactions. The
report also indicates that nearly 90% of all data created in the global datasphere by
2025 will require some level of security, but less than 50% will be secured. This
significant gap would threaten the data reality that opens up new vulnerabilities to
private/ sensitive information and the value of data mining. In short, the specific
challenges in the IoT blockchain market are that enterprises can’t guarantee their data
security and privacy. Thus, Flowchain utilizes the emerging blockchain technology in the
IoT solutions to resolve the problems and bring solutions to our clients. In summary, our
enterprise clients can benefit data security and privacy by adopting Flowchain IoT
solutions. Our offering can bring two unique benefits as listed below.
1. Provide data security and privacy by adopting Flowchain private blockchain
technologies.
2. Provide the data assets capability of enterprise data. The Flowchain “tokenized
hardware” technology can tokenize enterprise sensitive information and the
valued data as digital assets and store the assets on the public blockchain.
We are ready to ship IoT devices with Flowchain OS, also expect to deliver enterprise
edge solutions with Flowchain hybrid blockchain in Q2, 2019.
Please visit https://flowchain.co for whitepaper updates.

© 2019 The Flowchain Foundation Limited

52

A Securities Law Framework for Blockchain Tokens
To estimate how likely a particular blockchain token is be a security under US federal securities law
Refer to: full legal analysis

Appendix A Flowchain Howey Test
Instructions
Step 1: Copy to a new google sheet (File > Make a copy) or download as .xls
Step 2: Review each characteristic and determine whether or not it applies to the token
Step 3: Select Y or N for each characteristic from the drop down menu
Step 4: Review results at the bottom of this page

Element 1: Investment of Money
Is there an investment of money?
Characteristic
Points
There is no crowdsale.
0
New tokens are given
away for free, or are
earned through mining

Tokens are sold for
value (crowdsale)

100

Explanation
Tokens which are not sold for value do not
involve an investment of money.
For example, if all tokens are distributed for
free, or are only produced through mining,
then there is no sale for value.
Tokens which are sold in a crowdsale, at any
time, regardless of whether sold for fiat or
digital currency (or anything else of value)
involve an investment of money

Examples
There was never any token sale for Bitcoin.
The only way to acquire new bitcoin is via
mining.

Y or N

Y
A token which is randomly distributed for free

A token which is sold for bitcoin in a crowdsale.
A token which is sold for ether in a crowdsale.

N

Total for Element 1

0

Element 2: Common Enterprise
What is the timing of the sale?
Characteristic
Points Explanation
Examples
Pre-deployment
70
A sale of tokens before any code has been
A developer has an idea for a new protocol,
deployed on a blockchain is more likely to
writes a white paper and does a crowdsale.
result in a common enterprise where the profits
arise from the efforts of others. This is because
the buyers are completely dependent on the
actions of the developers, and the buyers
cannot actually participate in the network until
a later time.
The protocol is
operational on a test
network

60

Live network is
operational

50

If there is a functioning network there is less
likely there is to be a common enterprise
where the profits arisef rom the efforts of
others. The closer the sale is to launch of the
network, the less likley there is to be a
common enterprise.

A developer has an idea for a new protocol,
writes a white paper and deploys a working
test network before doing a crowdsale.

If the token is sold once there is an operational The crowdsale is done at the same time the
network using the token, or sold immediately
network is launched.
before the network goes live, it is again less
likely to result in a common enterprise

What do token holders have to do in order to get economic benefits from the network?
Characteristic
Points Explanation
Examples
All token holders will
25
If returns are paid to all token holders equally ‘HodlToken’ holders are automatically paid an
always receive the
(or in proportion to their token holdings)
amount of ETH each week, based on fees
same returns
regardless of any action on the part of the
generated by other users of the network
token holder, then their interests are more
likely aligned in a common enterprise
‘FoldToken’ does not pay any return, and there
is no way to earn more tokens within the
network (but they can be bought, sold or
traded)
There is a possibility of
varying returns
between token holders,
based on their
participation or use of
the network

-20

If token holders’ returns depend on their own
efforts, and can vary depending on the amount
of effort they each put in, then there is less
likely to be a common enterprise

‘CloudToken’ holders can earn more tokens by
providing data storage on the network, or can
spend tokens to access data storage. Holders
who do not provide data storage do not earn
any more tokens.

Total for Element 2

Y or N

N

N

N

Y or N

N

Y

-20

Element 3: Expectation of Profit
What function does the token have?
Characteristic
Points Explanation

Examples

Y or N

Ownership or equity
interest in a legal entity,
including a general
partnership

100

Entitlement to a share
of profits and/or losses,
or assets and/or
liabilities

100

Gives holder status as
a creditor or lender

100

A claim in bankruptcy
as equity interest holder
or creditor

100

A right to repayment of
purchase price and/or
payment of interest

100

No function other than
mere existence

100

Tokens which give, or purport to give,
traditional equity, debt or other investor rights
are almost certainly securities.

A developer releases and sells 100
‘BakerShares’ tokens. Each token entitles the
holder to 1 share in Baker, Inc.

A developer releases and sells 100
If one or more of these characteristics
‘BakerProfit’ tokens. Each token entitles the
apply, the token is almost certainly a
holder to 1% of the profits of Baker, Inc. for the
security, notwithstanding the results of the next year.
other elements
A developer releases and sells 100
‘BakerDebt’ tokens. Each token entitles the
holder to principal and interest repayments
based on the initial token sale price.

N

N

N
N

N
A token which does not have any real function,
or is used in a network with no real function, is
very likely to be bought with an expectation of
profit from the efforts of others, because no
real use or participation by token holders is
possible.

A developer releases and sells 100,000
‘SocialCoin’ tokens to fund the development of
a new Social Network. However, SocialCoin is
not required to access the network and has no
real function after the sale.

N

Voting rights alone do not constitute real
functionality.
Specific functionality
that is only available to
token holders

0

A token which has a specific function that is
'CloudToken’ is the only way to access and
only available to token holders is more likely to use a decentralized file storage network.
be purchased in order to access that function
and less likely to be purchased with an
expectation of profit.

Does the holder rely on manual, off-blockchain action to realize the benefit of the token?
Characteristic
Points Explanation
Examples
Manual action is
80
A token whose value depends on someone
A developer releases and sells ‘FreightCoin’,
required outside of the
taking specific manual action outside of the
which will allow the holder to pay FreightCoin
network (e.g. offnetwork means that the token is not functional to access capacity on a new real-world freight
blockchain) in order for
in and of itself. Instead, the token relies on a
network. The network relies on legal
the holder to get the
level of trust in a third party taking action offcontractual relationships and manual actions.
benefit of the token
blockchain. This sort of token is more likely to (This alone does not make FreightCoin a
be bought for speculation - i.e. the expectation security)
of profits.
All functionality is
inherent in the token
and occurs
programmatically

0

A token which is built with all the necessary
technical permissions means that the token
holder does not rely on manual actions of any
third party. This means that the buyers are
more likely to purchase the token for use
rather than with the expectation of profit from
the efforts of others.

What is the timing of the sale?
Characteristic
Points Explanation
Pre-deployment
20
A sale of tokens before any code has been
deployed on a blockchain is more likely to
result in buyers purchasing for speculative
reasons with the expectation of profit, rather
than practical use cases.
The protocol is
10
If the sale occurs after code has been
operational on a test
deployed and tested, the token is closer to
network
being able to be used
Live network is
0
If the token is sold once there is an operational
operational
network using the token, or immediately before
the network goes live, it is more likely to be
purchased with the intention of use rather than
profit.
Can the token holders exercise real and significant control via voting?
Characteristic
Points Explanation
Token holders as a
-20
If the collective approval of token holders is
whole are able to
required in order for the development team to
control the
access the funds raised in the crowdsale, then
development team’s
any value realized by the token holders is
access to funds
more closely tied to their own decisions, and
less reliant on the efforts of others.

Holders of ‘SongVoteToken’ can sign
transactions on the network as votes for their
favorite new songs and earn rewards for doing
so.

Examples
A developer has an idea for a new protocol,
writes a white paper and does a crowdsale.

A developer has an idea for a new protocol,
writes a white paper and develops a working
test network before doing a crowdsale.
The live network is launched before the
crowdsale.

Examples
A development team sells 100,000 Tokens for
a total of 100,000 ETH.
50,000 ETH will be released from the token
contract to the development team immediately,
but the remainder is only released once
milestones are met, which requires approval of
a majority of the token holders each time. If the
milestones are never met, the remaining ETH
will be returned to the token holders.

Y

Y or N

N

Y

Y or N

N

N

N

Y or N

N

Token holders as a
whole are able to vote
on significant decisions
for the protocol

-10

If the collective approval of token holders is
required in order to make significant changes
to the protocol, then any value realized by the
token holders is more closely tied to their own
decisions, and less reliant on the efforts of
others.

Changes to the protocol require a vote by
token holders.
N

Note: Voting rights must be in addition to functionality. A token with voting rights alone and no other real functionality is very likely to satisfy element 3

How is the token sale marketed?
Characteristic
Points Explanation
Marketed as an 'Initial
50
It is not possible to prevent some buyers from
Coin Offering' or similar
buying a token purely for speculation.
However, marketing the token as an
investment leads buyers to believe they can
profit from holding or trading the token, rather
than from using the token in the network.

Examples
‘ProfitCoin’ includes potential of ‘high ROI’ and
‘investor profits’ in its marketing material.

Y or N

N

Using terms like 'Initial Coin Offering' or 'ICO',
and investment-related language like ‘returns’
and ‘profits’ encourages buyers to buy a token
for speculation, rather than use.
Marketed as a Token
Sale

0

Marketed as a sale of tokens which give the
right to access and use the network

There is no economic
return possible from
using the network

-100

If there is genuinely no economic return
possible for the token holders, then there is
unlikely to be a common enterprise. This will
be rare.

Y
Backers contribute to a cause and receive a
‘thank you’ token which has no economic
value.

N

Results
Guide

Your results
Total Points

How likely is the element to be satisfied?

0 or less

Very unlikely

Total for Element 1

0

1 - 33

Unlikely

Total for Element 2

-20

34 - 66

Equally likely and unlikely

Total for Element 3

0

Overall Risk Score

0

67 - 99

Likely

100 or more

Very likely

A token will only be a security if it satisfies all three elements. The higher the point score for each element, the more likely the element is to
be satisfied.
For many blockchain tokens, the first two elements of the Howey test are likely to be met. The third element has the most variables and the
most different outcomes depending on the characteristics of the particular token.

Important notes
Please remember that this methodology produces nothing more than an estimate. The Overall Risk Score and the categories of likelihood are a guide
only.
The Howey test has not yet been directly applied by the courts to any digital currency or blockchain token. The Howey test as applied by the courts does
not involve any points-based calculation. The points system is intended as a guide - to highlight the characteristics of a token which are relevant to the
securities law analysis.
This Framework should be read together with the full legal analysis. This Framework and the full legal analysis may be updated in the future as the law in
this area develops.
You should not rely on this Framework as legal advice. It is designed for general informational purposes only, as a guide to certain of the
conceptual considerations associated with the narrow issues it addresses. You should seek advice from your own counsel, who is familiar
with the particular facts and circumstances of what you intend and can give you tailored advice. This Framework is provided "as is" with no
representations, warranties or obligations to update, although we reserve the right to modify or change this Framework from time to time. No
attorney-client relationship or privilege is created, nor is this intended to be attorney advertising in any jurisdiction.
Last updated December 7, 2016

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

