Function X
A Concept Paper by Function X

●
●
●
●

Version 1.0 - 27th December 2018.
Version 2.0 - 29th January 2019.
In case of discrepancies among other languages, the English version
shall prevail.
This Concept Paper will be periodically updated.

Prologue
This is a Concept Paper written to introduce the Function X Ecosystem, which includes the
XPhone. It also addresses the relationship between the XPOS and Function X.
Pundi X has always been a community-driven project. We have lived by the mission of
making sure the community comes first and we are constantly learning from discussions and
interactions on social media and in real-life meetings.
As with all discussions, there is always background noise but we have found gems in these
community discussions. One such example is a question which we found constantly
lingering at the back of our mind, “Has blockchain changed the world as the Internet did in
the ’90s, and the automobile in the ‘20s?”. Many might argue that it has, given the rise of so
many blockchain projects with vast potential in different dimensions (like ours, if we may
add). But the question remains, “can blockchain ever become what the Internet, as we know
it today, has to the world?”
Function X, a universal decentralized internet which is powered by blockchain
technology and smart devices.
Over the past few months, in the process of implementing and deploying the XPOS solution,
we believe we found the answer to the question. A nimble development team was set up to
bring the answer to life. We discovered that it is indeed possible to bring blockchain to the
world of telephony, data transmission, storage and other industries; a world far beyond
financial transactions and transfers.
This is supported by end-user smart devices functioning as blockchain nodes. These
devices include the XPOS and XPhone developed by Pundi X and will also include many
other hardware devices manufactured by other original equipment manufacturers.
The vision we want to achieve for f(x) is to create a fully autonomous and decentralized
network that does not rely on any individual, organization or structure.
Due to the nature of the many new concepts introduced within this Concept Paper, we have
included a Q&A after each segment to facilitate your understanding. We will continuously
update this paper to reflect the progress we’re making.

Function X
The Internet was just the beginning
The advent of the Internet has revolutionized the world. It created a communications layer so
robust that it has resulted in TCP/IP becoming the network standard.
The Internet also created a wealth of information so disruptive that a company like Amazon
threatened to wipe out all the traditional brick-and-mortar bookstores. These bookstores
were forced to either adapt or perish. The same applies to the news publishing sector: the
offerings of Google and Facebook have caused the near extinction of traditional newspapers.
The digitalization of the world with the Internet has enabled tech behemoths like Apple,
Amazon, Google and Facebook to dominate and rule over traditional companies. The grip of
these tech giants is so extensive that it makes you wonder if the choices you make are truly
your own or influenced by the data they have on you as a user.
We see the blockchain revolution happening in three phases. The first was how Bitcoin
showed the world what digital currency is. The second refers to how Ethereum has provided
a platform to build decentralized assets easily. The clearest use case of that has come in the
form of the thousands of altcoins seen today that we all are familiar with. The third phase is
what many blockchain companies are trying to do now: 1) to bring the performance of
blockchain to a whole new level (transaction speed, throughput, sharding, etc.) and 2) to
change the course of traditional industries and platforms — including the Internet and user
dynamics.
Public blockchains allow trustless transactions. If everything can be transacted on the
blockchain in a decentralized manner, the information will flow more efficiently than
traditional offerings, without the interception of intermediators. It will level the playing field
and prevent data monopolization thus allowing small innovators to develop and flourish by
leveraging the resources and data shared on the blockchain.

The Blockchain revolution will be the biggest digital revolution
In order to displace an incumbent technology with something new, we believe the change
and improvement which the new technology has to bring will have to be at least a tenfold
improvement on all aspects including speed, transparency, scalability and governance
(consensus). We are excited to say that the time for this 10-times change is here. It’s time to
take it up 10x with Function X.
Function X or f(x) is an ecosystem built entirely on and for the blockchain. Everything in f(x)
(including the application source code, transmission protocol and hardware) is completely
decentralized and secure. Every bit and byte in f(x) is part of the blockchain.

What we have developed is not just a public chain. It is a total decentralized solution. It
consists of five core components: Function X Operating System (OS); Function X
distributed ledger (Blockchain); Function X IPFS; FXTP Protocol and Function X
Decentralized Docker. All five components serve a single purpose which is to decentralize
all services, apps, websites, communications and, most importantly, data.
The purpose of Function X OS is to allow smart hardware and IoTs to harness the upside
and potential utility of the decentralization approach. We have built an in-house solution for
how mobile phones can leverage Function X OS in the form of the XPhone. Other
companies can also employ the Function X OS and further customize it for their own smart
devices. Every smart device in the Function X ecosystem can be a node and each will have
its own address and private key, uniquely linked to their node names. The OS is based on
the Android OS 9.0, therefore benefiting from backward compatibility with Android apps. The
Function X OS supports Android apps and Google services (referred to as the traditional
mode), as well as the newly developed decentralized services (referred to as the blockchain
mode). Other XPhone features powered by the Function X OS will be elaborated on in the
following sections.
Using the Function X Ecosystem (namely Function X FXTP), the transmission of data runs
on a complex exchange of public and private key data and encryption but never through a
centralized intermediary. Hence it guarantees communication without interception and gives
users direct access to the data shared by others. Any information that is sent or transacted
over the Function X Blockchain will also be recorded on the chain and fully protected by
encryption so the owner/sender has control over data sharing. And that is how a
decentralized system for communications works.
For developers and users transitioning to the Function X platform, it will be a relatively
seamless process. We have intentionally designed the process of creating and publishing
new decentralized applications (DApps) on Function X to be easy, such that the knowledge
and experience from developing and using Android will be transferable. With that in mind, a
single line of code in most traditional apps can be modified, and developers can have their
transmission protocol moved from the traditional HTTP mode (centralized) to a decentralized
mode, thus making the transmission “ownerless” because data can transmit through the
network of nodes without being blocked by third parties. How services can be ported easily
or built from scratch as DApps will also be explained in the following sections, employing
technologies in the Function X ecosystem (namely Function X IPFS, FXTP Protocol and
Decentralized Docker).

f(x) Chain
f(x) chain is a set of consensus algorithms in the form of a distributed ledger, as part of the
Function X ecosystem. The blockchain is the building block of our distributed ledger that
stores and verifies transactions including financials, payments, communications (phone calls,
file transfers, storage), services (DApps) and more.
Will Function X launch a mainnet?
Yes. The f(x) chain is a blockchain hence there will be a mainnet.
When will the testnet be launched?
Q2 2019 (projected).
When will the mainnet be launched?
Q3 2019 (projected).
How is the Function X blockchain designed?
The f(x) chain is designed based on the philosophy that any blockchain should be able to
address real-life market demand of a constantly growing peer-to-peer network. It is a
blockchain with high throughput achieved with a combination of decentralized hardware
support (XPOS, XPhone, etc.) and open-source software toolkit enhancements.
What are the physical devices that will be connected to the Function X blockchain?
In due course, the XPOS OS will be replaced by the f(x) OS. On the other hand, the XPhone
was designed with full f(x) OS integration in mind, from the ground up. After the f(x) OS
onboarding, and with adequate stability testings and improvements, XPOS and XPhone will
then be connected to the f(x) Chain.
What are the different elements of a block?
Anything that is transmittable over the distributed network can be stored in the block,
including but not limited to phone call records, websites, data packets, source code, etc. It is
worth noting that throughout these processes, all data is encrypted and only the owner of the
private key has the right to decide how the data should be shared, stored, decrypted or even
destroyed.
Which consensus mechanism is used?
Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT).
What are the other implementations of Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT)?
Flight systems that require very low latency. For example, SpaceX’s flight system, Dragon,
uses PBFT design philosophy. [Appendix]
How do you create a much faster public chain?
We believe in achieving higher speed, thus hardware and software configurations matter. If
your hardware is limited in numbers or processing power, this will limit the transaction speed
which may pose security risks. The Ethereum network consists of about 25,000 nodes
spread across the globe now, just two years after it was launched. Meanwhile, the Bitcoin

network currently has around 7,000 nodes verifying the network. As for Pundi X, with the
deployment plan (by us and our partners) for XPOS, XPhone and potentially other smart
devices, we anticipate that we will be able to surpass the number of Bitcoin and Ethereum
nodes within 1 to 2 years. There are also plans for a very competitive software
implementation of our public blockchain, the details for which we will be sharing in the near
future.

f(x) OS
The f(x) OS is an Android-modified operating system that is also blockchain-compatible. You
can switch seamlessly between the blockchain and the traditional mode. In the blockchain
mode, every bit and byte is fully decentralized including your calls, messages, browsers and
apps. When in traditional mode, the f(x) OS supports all Android features.
Android is the most open and advanced operating system for smart hardware with over 2
billion monthly active users. Using Android also fits into our philosophy of being an
OS/software designer and letting third-party hardware makers produce the hardware for the
Function X Ecosystem.
What kind of open source will it be?
This has not been finalized, but the options we are currently considering are Apache or GNU
GPLv3.
What kind of hardware will it work on?
The f(x) OS works on ARM architecture, hence it works on most smartphones, tablet
computers, smart TVs, Android Auto and smartwatches in the market.
Will you build a new browser?
We are currently using a modified version of the Google Chrome browser. The browser
supports both HTTP and FXTP, which means that apart from distributed FXTP contents,
users can view traditional contents, such as https://www.google.com.
What is the Node Name System (NNS)?
A NNS is a distributed version of the traditional Domain Name System. A NNS allows every
piece of Function X hardware, including the XPhone, to have a unique identity. This identity
will be the unique identifier and can be called anything with digits and numbers, such as
‘JohnDoe2018’ or ‘AliceBob’. More on NNS in the following sections.
Will a third-party device running the f(x) OS be automatically connected to the f(x)
blockchain?
Yes, third-party devices will be connected to the f(x) blockchain automatically.

f(x) FXTP
A transmission protocol defines the rules to allow information to be sent via a network. On
the Internet, HTTP is a transmission protocol that governs how information such as website
contents can be sent, received and displayed. FXTP is a transmission protocol for the
decentralized network.
FXTP is different from HTTP because it is an end-to-end transmission whereby your data
can be sent, received and displayed based on a consensus mechanism rather than a clientserver based decision-making mechanism. In HTTP, the server (which is controlled by an
entity) decides how and if the data is sent (or even monitored), whereas in FXTP, the data is
sent out and propagates to the destination based on consensus.
HTTP functions as a request–response protocol in the client-server computing model. A web
browser, for example, may be the client and an application running on a computer hosting a
website may be the server. FXTP functions as a propagation protocol via a consensus
model. A node that propagates the protocol and its packet content is both a “client” and a
“server”, hence whether a packet reaches a destination is not determined by any
intermediate party and this makes it more secure.

f(x) IPFS
IPFS is a protocol and network designed to store data in a distributed system. A person who
wants to retrieve a file will call an identifier (hash) of the file, IPFS then combs through the
other nodes and supplies the person with the file.
The file is stored on the IPFS network. If you run your own node, your file would be stored
only on your node and available for the world to download. If someone else downloads it and
seeds it, then the file will be stored on both your node the node of the individual who
downloaded it (similar to BitTorrent).
IPFS is decentralized and more secure, which allows faster file and data transfer.

f(x) DDocker
Docker is computer program designed to make it easier to create, deploy, and run
applications. Containers allow a developer to package up an application including libraries,
and ship it all out as a package.
As the name suggests, Decentralized Docker is an open platform for developers to build,
ship and run distributed applications. Developers will be able to store, deploy and run their
codes remote in different locations and the codes are secure in a decentralized way.

XPhone
Beyond crypto: First true blockchain phone that is secured and decentralized to the
core
XPhone is the world’s first blockchain phone which is designed with innovative features that
are not found on other smartphones.
Powered by Function X, an ecosystem built entirely on and for the blockchain, XPhone runs
on a new transmission protocol for the blockchain age. The innovation significantly expands
the use of blockchain technology beyond financial transfers.
Unlike traditional phones which require a centralized service provider, XPhone runs
independently without the need for that. Users can route phone calls and messages via
blockchain nodes without the need for phone numbers.
Once the XPhone is registered on the network, for e.g., by a user named Pitt, if someone
wants to access Pitt’s publicly shared data or content, that user can just enter
FXTP://xxx.Pitt. This is similar to what we do for the traditional https:// protocol.
Whether Pitt is sharing photos, data, files or a website, they can be accessed through this
path. And if Pitt’s friends would like to contact him, they can call, text or email his XPhone
simply by entering “call.pitt”, “message.pitt”, or “mail.pitt”.
The transmission of data runs on a complex exchange of public and private key data with
encryption. It can guarantee communication without interception and gives users direct
access to the data shared by others. Any information that is sent or transacted over the
Function X Blockchain will also be recorded on the chain.
Toggle between now and the future
Blockchain-based calling and messaging can be toggled on and off on the phone operating
system which is built on Android 9.0. XPhone users can enjoy all the blockchain has to offer,
as well as the traditional functionalities of an Android smartphone.
We’ll be sharing more about the availability of the XPhone and further applications of
Function X in the near future.

DApps
DApps for mass adoption
So far the use of decentralized applications has been disappointing. But what if there was a
straightforward way to bring popular, existing apps into a decentralized environment, without
rebuilding everything? Until now, much of what we call peer-to-peer or ‘decentralized’
services continue to be built on centralized networks. We set out to change that with
Function X; to disperse content now stored in the hands of the few, and to evolve services
currently controlled by central parties.
Use Cases: Sharing economy
As seen from our ride-hailing DApp example that was demonstrated in New York
back in November 2018, moving towards true decentralization empowers the
providers of services and not the intermediaries. In the same way, the XPhone
returns power to users over how their data is being shared and with whom. Function
X will empower content creators to determine how their work is being displayed and
used.
Use Cases: Free naming
One of the earliest alternative cryptocurrencies, Namecoin, wanted to use a
blockchain to provide a name registration system, where users can register their
names to create a unique identity. It is similar to the DNS system mapping to IP
addresses. With the Node Name System (NNS) it is now possible to do this on the
blockchain.
NNS is a distributed version of the traditional Domain Name System. A NNS allows
every piece of Function X hardware, including the XPhone, to have a unique identifier
that can be named anything with digits and numbers, such as ‘JohnDoe2018’ or
‘AliceBob’.
Use Cases: Mobile data currency
According to a study, mobile operator data revenues are estimated at over $600
billion USD by 2020, equivalent to $50 billion USD per month [appendix]. Assuming
users are able to use services such as blockchain calls provided by XPhone (or other
phones using Function X) the savings will be immense and the gain from profit can
be passed on to providers such as DApp developers in Function X. In other words,
instead of paying hefty bills to a mobile carrier for voice calls, users can pay less by
making blockchain calls, and the fees paid are in f(x) coins. More importantly users
will have complete privacy over their calls.
Use Cases: Decentralized file storage

Ethereum contracts claim to allow for the development of a decentralized file storage
ecosystem, “where individual users can earn small quantities of money by renting out
their own hard drives and unused space can be used to further drive down the costs
of file storage.” However, they do not necessarily have the hardware to back this up.
With the deployment of XPOS, smart hardware nodes and more, Function X is a
natural fit for Decentralized File Storage. In fact, it is basically what f(x) IPFS is built
for.
These are just four examples of the many use cases purported, and there can, will and
should be more practical applications beyond these; we are right in the middle of uncharted
territories.

Tokenomics
Decentralized and autonomous
The f(x) ecosystem is fully decentralized. It’s designed and built to run autonomously in
perpetuity without the reliance or supervision of any individual or organization. To support
this autonomous structure, f(x) Coin which is the underlying ‘currency’ within the f(x)
ecosystem has to be decentralized in terms of its distribution, allocation, control, circulation
and the way it’s being generated.
To get the structure of f(x) properly set up, the founding team will initially act as ‘initiators’
and ‘guardians’ of the ecosystem. The role of the team will be similar to being a gatekeeper
to prevent any bad actors or stakeholders playing foul. At the same time, the team will
facilitate good players to grow within the ecosystem. Once the f(x) ecosystem is up and
running, the role of the founding team will be irrelevant and phased out. The long term
intention of the team is to step away, allowing the ecosystem to run and flourish by itself.

Utility
In this section, we will explore the utility of the f(x) Coin. f(x) Coin is the native ‘currency’ of
the Function X blockchain and ecosystem. All services rendered in the ecosystem will be
processed, transacted with, or “fueled” by the f(x) Coin. Some of the proposed use cases
include:
●

●
●

●

●

●
●

For service providers: Getting paid by developers, companies and consumers for
providing storage nodes, DDocker and improvement of network connections. The
role of service providers will be described in greater detail in the rest of the paper.
For consumers: Paying for service fees for the DApps, nodes, network resources,
storage solutions and other services consumed within the f(x) ecosystem.
For developers: Paying for services and resources rendered in the ecosystem
such as smart contract creation, file storage (paid to IPFS service provider), code
hosting (paid to DDocker service provider), advertisements (paid to other
developers) and design works. Developers can also get paid by enterprises or
organizations that engaged in the developer’s services.
For enterprises or organizations: Paying for services provided by developers and
advertisers. Services provided to consumers will be charged and denominated in
f(x) Coin.
For phone and hardware manufacturers: Paying for further Function X OS
customizations. It is worth noting that Pundi X Labs plan to only build a few
thousand devices of the XPhone flagship handsets, and leave the subsequent
market supply to be filled by third-party manufacturers using our operating system.
For financial institutions: receiving payments for financial services rendered in the
ecosystem.
Applications requiring high throughput.

Hence f(x) Coin can be used as ‘currency’ for the below services,

●
●
●
●
●
●
●

In-app purchases
Blockchain calls
Smart contract creations
Transaction fees
Advertisements
Hosting fees
Borderless/cross-border transactions

We believe f(x) Coin utilization will be invariably higher than other coins in traditional chains
due to the breadth of the f(x) ecosystem. This includes storage services and network
resources on f(x) that will utilize the f(x) Coin as “fuel” for execution and validation of
transactions.
Example 1: A developer creates a ride-hailing DApp called DUber.
DUber developer first uploads the image and data to IPFS (storage) and code to
DDocker, respectively. The developer then pays for a decentralized code hosting
service provided by the DDocker, and a decentralized file hosting service provided by
the IPFS. Please note the storage hosting and code hosting services can be provided
by a company, or by a savvy home user with smart nodes connected to the Function
X ecosystem. Subsequently, a DUber user pays the developer.

Example 2: User Alice sends an imaginary token called ABCToken to Bob.
ABCToken is created using Function X smart contract. Smart nodes hosted at the
home of Charlie help confirms the transaction, Charlie is paid by Alice (or both Alice
and Bob).

The flow of f(x) Coin
Four main participants in f(x): Consumer (blue), Developer (blue), Infrastructure (blue), and
Financial Service Provider (green)
Broadly speaking, there can be four main participants in the f(x) ecosystem, exhibited by the
diagram above:
● Consumer: Users enjoy the decentralized services available in the f(x) ecosystem
● Infrastructure Service Provider: Providing infrastructures that make up the f(x)
ecosystem such as those provided by mobile carriers, decentralized clouds
services.
● Developer: Building DApp on the f(x) network such as decentralized IT, hospitality
and financial services apps.
● Financial Service Provider: Providing liquidity for the f(x) Coin acting as an
exchange.

The f(x) ecosystem’s value proposition:
● Infrastructure service providers can offer similar services that they already are
providing in other markets such as FXTP, DDocker and IPFS, to earn f(x) Coin.
● Developers can modify their existing Android apps to be compatible with the f(x)
OS environment effortlessly, and potentially earn f(x) Coin.
● Developers, at the same time, also pay for the infrastructure services used for
app creation.
● Consumers immerse in the decentralized app environments and pay for services
used in f(x) Coin.
● Developer and infrastructure service providers can earn rewards in f(x) Coin by
providing their services. They can also monetize it through a wide network of
financial service providers to earn some profit, should they decide to do so.
Together, the four participants in this ecosystem will create a positive value flow. As the
number of service providers grow, the quality of service will be enhanced, subsequently
leading to more adoption. Similarly, more consumers means more value is added to the
ecosystem by attracting more service providers,and creating f(x) Coin liquidity. Deep liquidity
of f(x) Coin will attract more financial service providers to enhance the stability and quality of
liquidity. This will attract more service providers to the ecosystem.
Figure: four main participants of the ecosystem
The rationale behind f(x) Coin generation is the Proof of Service concept (PoS)
Service providers are crucial in the whole f(x) Ecosystem, the problem of
motivation/facilitation has become our priority. We have to align our interests with theirs.
Hence, we have set up a Tipping Jar (similar to mining) to motivate and facilitate the existing
miners shift to the f(x) Ecosystem and become part of the infrastructure service provider or
attract new players into our ecosystem. Income for service provider = Service fee (from
payer) + Tipping (from f(x) network generation)
The idea is that the f(x) blockchain will generate a certain amount of f(x) Coin (diminishing
annually) per second to different segments of service provider, such as in the 1st year, the
f(x) blockchain will generate 3.5 f(x) Coin per second and it will be distributed among the
infrastructure service provider through the Proof of Service concept. Every service provider
such as infrastructure service providers, developers and financial service providers will
receive a ‘certificate’ of Proof of Service in the blockchain after providing the service and
redeeming the f(x) Coin.
Example: There are 3 IPFS providers in the market, and the total Tipping Jar for that
specific period is 1 million f(x) Coin. Party A contributes 1 TB; Party B contributes 3
TB and Party C contributes 6 TB. So, Party A will earn 1/10 * 1 million = 100k f(x)
Coin; Party B will earn 3/10 * 1 million = 300k f(x) Coin. Party C will earn 6/10 * 1
million = 600k f(x) Coin.
Note: The computation method of the distribution of the Tipping Jar might vary due to
the differences in the nature of the service, period and party.

Figure: Circulation flow of f(x) Coin

The theory behind the computation.
Blockchain has integrated almost everything, such as storage, scripts, nodes and
communication. This requires a large amount of bandwidth and computation resources
which affects the transaction speed and concurrency metric.
In order to do achieve the goal of being scalable with high transaction speed, the f(x)
blockchain has shifted out all the ‘bulky’ and ‘heavy duty’ functions onto other service
providers, such as IPFS, FXTP, etc. We leave alone what blockchain technology does best:
Calibration. Thus, the role of the Tipping Jar is to distribute the appropriate tokens to all
participants.

f(x) Coin distribution per second via Proof of Service (first year)
FXTP

infrastructure service

0.5

IPFS

infrastructure service

0.5

DDocker

infrastructure service

0.5

Node

infrastructure service

1

DApp

Developer

1

Financial

Financial service

Others

Others

Total f(x) Coin

0.5

1

5

Table: Projected f(x) Coin distribution per second in the first year

According to Moore’s Law, the number of transistors in a densely integrated circuit doubles
about every 18 - 24 months. Thus, the performance of hardware doubles every 18-24
months. Taking into consideration Moore’s Law, Eric Schmidt said if you maintain the same
hardware specs, the earnings will be cut in half after 18-24 months. Therefore, the normal
Tipping Jar (reward) for an infrastructure service provider will decrease 50% every 18
months. In order to encourage infrastructure service providers to upgrade their hardware, we
have set up another iteration and innovation contribution pool (which is worth of 50% of the
normal Tipping Jar on the corresponding phase) to encourage the infrastructure service
provider to embrace new technology.
According to the Andy-Bill’s law, “What Andy gives, Bill takes away”; software will always
nibble away the extra performance of the hardware. The more performance a piece of
hardware delivers, the more the software consumes. Thus, the developer will always follow
the trend to maintain and provide high-quality service. The Tipping Jar will increase by 50%
(based upon the previous quota) every 18 months.
Financial service providers will have to support the liquidation of the whole ecosystem along
the journey, the Tipping Jar (FaaS) will increase by 50% by recognizing the contribution and
encouraging innovation.
From the 13th year (9th phase), the Tipping Jar will reduce by 50% every 18 months. We are
well aware that the “cliff drop” after the 12th year is significant. Hence, we have created a 3year (two-phase) diminishing transition period. The duration of each phase is 18 months.
There are 10 phases in total which will last for a total of 15 years.
According to Gartner’s report, the blockchain industry is forecast to reach a market cap of
3.1 trillion USD in 2030. Hence, we believe a Tipping Jar of 15 years will allow the growth of
Function X into the “mature life cycle” of the blockchain industry.

f(x) Coin / Token Allocation
Token allocation
We believe great blockchain projects attempt to equitably balance the interests of different
segments of the community. We hope to motivate and incentivize token holders by allocating
a total of 65% of tokens from the Token Generation Event (TGE). Another 20% is allocated

to the Ecosystem Genesis Fund for developer partnerships, exchanges and other such
related purposes. The remaining 15% will go to engineering, product development and
marketing. There will be no public or private sales for f(x) tokens.
NPXS / NPXSXEM is used to make crypto payments as easy as buying bottled water, while
f(x) is used for the operation of a decentralized ecosystem and blockchain, consisting of
DApps and other services. NPXS / NPXSXEM will continue to have the same functionality
and purpose after the migration to the Function X blockchain in the future. Therefore, each
token will be expected to assume different fundamental roles and grant different rights to the
holders.

Token Generation Event
Percentage

Amount

NPXS / NPXSXEM holders

65%

246,092,941

Ecosystem Genesis Fund

20%

75,720,905

Engineering

10%

37,860,452

Product & Marketing

5%

18,930,226

Total

100%

378,604,524

65% of allocation for NPXS / NPXSXEM holders is broken down into the following:
15% is used for staking (see below)
45% is used for converion to f(x) tokens. (see below)
5% is used for extra bonus tasks over 12 months (allocation TBD).

15% staking of f(x) Tokens for NPXS /NPXSXEM holders
Objective

NPXS / NPXSXEM holders receives f(x) Tokens while
keeping NPXS / NPXSXEM tokens.

Eligibility

All NPXS / NPXSXEM holders

Start date

March 10, 2019 GMT+8 10:00 am

End date

March 9, 2020 GMT+8 9:59 am

Duration

12 months

To-Do

Deposit : Holder deposits NPXS / NPXSXEM into
XWallet and joins staking scheme.
Stake : Holder logs into XWallet twice a month to do a
simple staking task.

Details

56,790,678.7 f(x) tokens is allocated for over 12 months;
4,732,556.6 f(x) tokens are allocated for distribution
each month.
Example: Bob deposits 100,000 NPXS in XWallet and
stakes; he will receive approximately 18 f(x) tokens
annually. (1.5 f(x) tokens monthly)

Remarks

All NPXS / NPXSXEM holders are eligible to be part of
this 15% allocation.
Android, iOS and/or Web version of XWallet will be
available.
All unclaimed stakes will be transferred into the
Ecosystem Genesis Fund after 12 months.

45% conversion of f(x) Tokens for NPXS /NPXSXEM holders
Objective

NPXS / NPXSXEM holders receive f(x) Tokens by
converting their NPXS / NPXSXEM tokens.

Eligibility

All NPXS & NPXSXEM holders, except for citizens or
residents of the People’s Republic of China and
Malaysia.

Start date

April/May 2019

End date

3 months after start date

Durations

3 months

Remarks

All NPXS / NPXSXEM tokens that are converted will be
removed from the total supply of NPXS / NPXSXEM;
Pundi X will not convert company's NPXS for f(x)
Tokens. This allocation is designed for
NPXS/NPXSXEM long term holders.
NPXS / NPXSXEM tokens that are converted will also
be entitled to the 15% f(x) Token distribution right after
the conversion.

Usage
Management of the Ecosystem Genesis Fund (EGF)
The purpose of setting up the Ecosystem Initialization Fund, is to motivate, encourage and
facilitate service providers to join and root into the f(x) Ecosystem and, at the same time, to
attract seed consumers to enrich and enlarge the f(x) Ecosystem. EIF comes from funds
raised and will be used as a bootstrap mechanism to encourage adoption before the Tipping
Jar incentives fully kicks in.
The EGF is divided into 5 parts:
1. Consumer (10%): To attract consumers and enlarge the customer base;
2. Developer (20%): To encourage developers to create DApps on the f(x)
blockchain;
3. Infrastructure Service Provider (20%): To set up or shift to the f(x) infrastructure;
4. Financial Service Provider (20%): To create a trading platform for f(x) Coin and
increase liquidity; and
5. Emergency bridge reserve (30%): To facilitate or help the stakeholders in f(x)
during extreme market condition

To implement the spirit of decentralization and fairness, the EGF will be managed by a
consensus-based committee, called the f(x) Open Market Committee (FOMC).

Legal
As described in this Concept Paper, Function (X) Labs Ltd. (the Company) is developing the
f(x) Ecosystem that includes the f(x) Blockchain, f(x) OS, f(x) FXTP, f(x)IPFS and f(x)
DDocker. However, the Company does not represent and cannot guarantee when, how or
whether the f(x) Ecosystem and its components will materialize, be adopted or implemented.
For those deciding to participate in the staking of their NPXS/NPXSXEM tokens and, if they
choose, participate in the conversion program, we would like to draw your attention to some
of the associated risks. Foremost, staking and conversion does not constitute a collective
investment scheme. Further, the Company is not indebted to the token holders should they
elect to participate in the staking and/or conversion.
Next, the following factors must be observed with full attention and considered in
combination with all other information provided in this Concept Paper. If one or more risks,
regardless if listed or not, materialize, they could render the f(x) Coins worthless or of little
value. Each risk must be examined independently with equal thoroughness. Risks can
combine and intensify. We have prepared this discussion to the best of our knowledge, but
cannot guarantee its completeness. Without professional advice from legal, tax and
economic or other experts, important aspects of acquiring the f(x) Token or Coin might not
be evaluated properly. Regulations relating to cryptocurrencies and tokens differ from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. It is your responsibility to investigate locally whether the token
redemption program or token sale constitutes a violation of law.
The regulatory status of cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology is
unclear, evolving or unsettled in many jurisdictions. Thus, it is difficult to predict how or
whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies as well as the degree and
scope of such regulation.
It is likewise difficult to predict how or whether any governmental authority may make
changes to existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital
assets, blockchain technology and its applications. Such changes could adversely impact
Function (X) and f(x) Tokens and Coins in various ways, including, for example, through a
determination that f(x) Tokens or Coins are regulated financial instruments that require
registration. The Company, through its Board of Directors may unilaterally decide to cease
the distribution of f(x) Tokens or Coins, the development of the f(x) Ecosystem or cease
operations in a jurisdiction in the event that governmental actions make it unlawful or
commercially undesirable to continue to do so.
f(x) Tokens cannot be redeemed by and are not being offered or distributed to U.S. persons
or persons of the People’s Republic of China or persons of Malaysia. If you are a citizen,
resident of, or a person located or domiciled in any of these jurisdictions or, without limitation,
any corporation or partnership created or organized in or under the laws of any of these
countries, you are not permitted to convert or attempt to convert to f(x) Tokens.

The Company does not guarantee and is not representing in any way that the f(x) Tokens
have any proprietary and/or personal rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities or
features.
The f(x) Ecosystem is still under development and may undergo significant changes over
time. Although Company intends for the f(x) Ecosystem to have the features and
specifications set forth in this Concept Paper, Company may make changes to such features
and specifications for any number of reasons, and any party that adopts the f(x) Ecosystem
and launches applications or functionality in the f(x) Ecosystem also may make changes,
any of which may mean that the f(x) Ecosystem will not meet current expectations.
Forward-looking statements
All statements that do not relate to historical facts must be regarded as forward-looking
statements. This holds for this Concept Paper, as well as any statements by anyone acting
on behalf of Function (X). These statements may be identified by forward-looking phrases
and terms such as “if“, “may“, “possible“, “probable“, “would“, “could“, “should“, “anticipate“,
“believe“, “estimate“, “expect“, “intend“, “aim“, “target“, “plan“, “can“, “will“ and similar terms.
It is important to note that this is not an exclusive nor exhaustive list for forward-looking
statements. The use of forward-looking statements indicates a prediction, as opposed to a
historical fact. Forward-looking statements represent analyses and estimates that are based
on known, as well as unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors of internal or external
origin. They may negatively influence future results, as well as the business success of
Function (X).
The information contained in this Concept Paper is intended only for the purposes of
evaluating the proposed Function (X) business. Prospective participants in the token
conversion or staking programs and/or f(x) Token distribution should not rely solely on the
information in this Concept Paper. We strongly encourage you to do your own research.
Due to the frequent changes in the relevant policy, law and regulation, technical, economic
and other factors, the information provided in this Concept Paper might not be accurate,
reliable and final, and may change on multiple occasions.
In essence, this Concept Paper is a business proposal or business promotion document; it
shall not in any case be legally binding. The content stated in this document is just for
reference and those participating in the token conversion or staking programs or purchasers
of tokens or coins should take extra precautions.
What is Function X’s legal entity?
Function X Labs Ltd. is a limited liability company registered in Malta (Company Registration
89412) located on the Ground Floor, Palace Court Church Street, St. Julians, Malta.
Function X Labs Ltd. The company adheres to all relevant laws and regulations of Malta with
particular attention to compliance with all specific AML/CFT guidance as well as best
practices related to, including but not limited to Know Your Customer (“KYC”) and Know
Your Transaction (“KYT”).

We chose to locate the legal entity for Function (X) in Malta because we believe the
regulatory environment and government policies provide a high standard of governance,
particularly with respect to AML/CFT and KYC requirements, while at the same time
encouraging the development of innovative blockchain-based companies.
At present, there is no licensing requirement under the laws of Malta regulating the activities
of Function X Labs Ltd in Malta.

Summary
Time moves fast in the technology world and even faster in the blockchain space.
Pundi X’s journey started in October 2017, slightly over a year ago, and we have been
operating at a lightning pace ever since, making progress that can only be measured in
leaps and bounds. We started as a blockchain payment solution provider and have evolved
into a blockchain service provider to make blockchain technology more accessible to the
general public, thereby improving your everyday life.
The creation of Function X was driven by the need to create a better suited platform for our
blockchain point-of sale network and through that process, the capabilities of Function X
have allowed us to extend blockchain usage beyond finance applications like payment
solutions and cryptocurrency.
The complete decentralized ecosystem of Function X will change and benefit organizations,
developers, governments and most importantly, society as a whole.
The XPhone prototype which we have created is just the start to give everyone a taste of the
power of Function X on how you can benefit from a truly decentralized environment. We
envision a future where the XPOS, XPhone and other Function X-enabled devices work
hand-in-hand to make the decentralized autonomous ecosystem a reality.
You may wonder how are we able to create such an extensive ecosystem within a short
span of time? We are fortunate that in today’s open source and sharing economy, we are
able to tap onto the already established protocols (such as Consensus algorithm, FXTP, etc),
software (like Android, IPFS, PBFT, Dockers, etc.) and hardware (design knowledge from
existing experts) which were developed by selfless generous creators. Function X puts
together, aggregates and streamlines all the benefits and good of these different elements
and make them work better and seamlessly on the blockchain. And we will pay it forward by
making Function X as open and as decentralized as possible so that others may also use
Function X to create bigger and better projects.
To bring Function X to full fruition, we will continue to operate in a transparent and
collaborative way. Our community will continue to be a key pillar for us and be even more
vital as we get Function X up and running. As a community member, you will have an early
access to the Function X ecosystem through the f(x) token conversion.
We hope you continue to show your support as we are working hard to disrupt the space
and re-engineer this decentralized world.

Reference
Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance
http://pmg.csail.mit.edu/papers/osdi99.pdf
Byzantine General Problem technical paper
https://web.archive.org/web/20170205142845/http://lamport.azurewebsites.net/pubs/byz.pdf
Global mobile data revenues to reach $630 billion by 2020
https://www.parksassociates.com/blog/article/pr-07112016
NPXSXEM token supply
https://medium.com/pundix/a-closer-look-at-npxsxem-token-supply-843598d0e7b6
NPXS circulating token supply and strategic purchaser
https://medium.com/pundix/total-token-supply-and-strategic-investors-b41717021583
[total supply might differ from time to time due to token taken out of total supply aka “burn”]
ELC: SpaceX lessons learned (PBFT mentioned)
https://lwn.net/Articles/540368/

