white paper
version 2.0
GLOBAL TOKENIZED BUSINESS WITH OPERATING

HACKEN CYBERSECURITY ECOSYSTEM.

CYBERSECURITY PRODUCTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Summary
Disclaimer
Introduction
What is Hacken Ecosystem?
The Hacken Token
HKN Token Sale Information
Token Distribution during ICO
Token Distribution
Launch periods
The «Burning» Principle
HackenProof
Bug bounty platform advantages
How Does It Work?
HackenProof Roadmap
CER
Problems that are going to be resolved
Specialists that are working at CER
Target Audience
Hacken Hub
Anti-Phishing Service
Smart Contract Audit
Penetration Testing
HackIT Conference
Capture the Flag Competition
HackIT Cup
«Battle» of Hackers
HackIT Conference Quick Facts
About Us
CEO
CSO
CTO
Business Development Director
CFO
HackIT Lead Manager
COO
CMO
Crypto Exchange Rating Product Manager
HackenProof Product Manager
Brand Director
Demand Generation Director
Growth Hacker
Why does any of this matter?

SUMMARY
This white paper explains the key business components of Hacken
Ecosystem. It also details the recent initial coin offering (ICO)
of Hacken token that took place in the autumn of 2017. Further,
the document lays out the growth prospects of Hacken Ecosystem.
Hacken Ecosystem is a community-driven business organization
with several jurisdictions worldwide. It consists of Hacken Hub
(penetration testing, smart contract audit, and anti-phishing
services), HackenProof bug bounty platform, Crypto Exchange
Ranks (CER), and HackIT Conference.
HKN, an ERC20 token, is the only payment method allowed within
Hacken Ecosystem. Buying HKNs early allows token holders to
receive high-quality cybersecurity services in the future at an
attractive price.
Financial data and legal documentation on HKN token sale are
available as a separate attachment upon request.

DISCLAIMERS
This document and any related documentation do not constitute an
offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities. The
information provided here is not intended to be a basis for any
investment decision(s).
Hacken Ecosystem does not provide investment advice, counsel, or
solicitation for investment in any particular security and shall
not be construed in such ways. This document does not constitute
and should not be construed as an offer for sale or subscription.
Neither it is an invitation to offer or buy any securities or
other financial instruments.
.

INTRODUCTION
$530M was stolen from Coincheck and $170M from BitGrail in 2018,
$32M stolen from Parity and $7.4M from Coindash in 2017, $72M from
Bitfinex in 2016, $5.1M from Bitstamp in 2015, $460M from Mt. Gox
in 2014. These are daunting fiat equivalents lost to evil hackers
due to various cryptocurrency infrastructure vulnerabilities.
According to Tyler Moore of Tulsa’s Tandy School of Computer
Science, since Bitcoin’s inception in 2009, up until March 2015,
around 33% of all bitcoin exchanges were hacked. Cryptocurrencies
certainly are not the only businesses distressed by malevolent
hackers. According to President Trump, for instance, cybertheft
is the fastest growing crime in the United States by far.
This presidential concern was followed by big money. The United
States invested over $19B in cybersecurity as a part of the 2017
Federal Budget. This shows an increase from the $14B figure – the
amount of funds in the budget allocated for cybersecurity by the
Obama Administration in 2016.
Unfortunately, there is not enough talent to make use of these
enormous financial resources. According to CyberSeek, there were
more than 348,000 open cybersecurity positions in 2017, and this
number is projected to rise to 1.8M by 2022. When one observes the
growing number of evil hackers, one wonders why so many positions
in the sphere are vacant.
Until recently, Eastern Europe (and Ukraine in particular) had
been a safe haven for various controversial online operations.
Boasting enormous numbers of highly qualified math and computer
science university graduates, the country still has little to
offer to these people. Nevertheless, Ukrainian entrepreneurs
behind such Silicon Valley unicorns as PayPal, WhatsApp
messenger, and even the very WiFi technology you are likely using
right now.
Ukraine also has a long history of a somewhat complicated
relationship with Blockchain. While Bitcoin has never been
officially recognized as a legitimate payment tool by local
authorities, Ukrainian startups and experts stand among global
leaders in the Blockchain revolution.
The story of BitFury proves the point. Established in 2011 in

Kyiv, BitFury controlled around 9.5% of the entire Bitcoin
processing power as of January 2017, an achievement made possible
due to customized mining chipsets developed by BitFury hardware
engineers.

BitFury also secured a number of unique B2G partnerships,
including the novel project allowing to secure land titles via
blockchain. For instance, BitFury launched a joint project in
cooperation with the government of Georgia.

Since Ukraine has the potential to establish itself as a European
cybersecurity hub, boosting expertise in this area is of utmost
importance. The value of the Ukrainian currency (hryvnia) fell
following the 2014 military conflict with Russia and booming
Blockchain industry will contribute to the economy of the
country.
The emergence of this new vibrant industry should be facilitated
by a resourceful and ethical company with expertise in
cybersecurity. This is where we come into the game, meet Hacken!
Our priority is to highlight the importance of the white hat
cybersecurity community for the IT infrastructure of the world.
To do so, we offer a stable means of income for our clients and
financial incentives for our members. In the long run, your
participation in Hacken Ecosystem will help to ensure that the
next generation of secure computer whiz kids will be on your side
of the firewall.

WHAT IS THE HACKEN
ECOSYSTEM?
Hacken Ecosystem consists of Hacken token (HKN) and a
constellation of cybersecurity services. The total supply of HKNs
is finite, limited to 5.6 million tokens. This number will
decrease over time because the team performs routine token burns.
These burns increase liquidity and decrease volatility of the HKN
token.

Business

Traders

White hat
hacker

The businesses that comprise Hacken Ecosystem are Hacken Hub
(penetration testing service, smart contract auditing, and
anti-phishing services), HackenProof bug bounty platform, Crypto
Exchange Ranks (CER), and the annual HackIT Conference. This
document contains detailed descriptions of the four areas.
Community values are of primary importance to Hacken — we
encourage HKN token holders to get involved through social media
and to participate in the life of the company. HKN is a
specialized software utility token that employs cybersecurity
professionals and offers a project-based approach. The people

holding HKN need to communicate with each other in order to make
use of their HKNs. Our vibrant community enriches the experience
of each member and contributes to the security of their daily
Internet activities.
While Hacken Ecosystem has a detailed business plan, our focus
goes beyond profit. One of our goals is to grow and support
various community events and meetups in Europe and beyond.
Towards this end, we organize our very own international
cybersecurity conference — HackIT.
The cybersecurity industry requires expertise, ethics, and
persistent training. To empower our platform, we ensure that we
give back to the community. We feel that setting up HackIT every
year is a great way to do this. It helps to engage the
cybersecurity industry worldwide through friendly competition,
education, and entertainment.
A great illustration of our core values is the story of Oleksii
Matiiasevych— a Ukrainian cybersecurity professional, EDCC
architect at Ambisafe, and technology advisor for the Hacken
team.
On July 19, 2017, Oleksii discovered a critical vulnerability in
the code of the Parity Ethereum wallet. There was no time to
delay, as Oleksii found evidence of an ongoing attack that
compromised hundreds of Ethereum wallets. He ended up “saving”
$1,402,996.09 worth of Ethereum and transferred the money from
the compromised wallets to the secure ones. Oleksii then
contacted White Hat Group — they took charge of locating and
returning the coins to their rightful owners.
Later, on May 22, 2018, Oleksii Matiiasevych helped to prevent a
massive crisis in a large crypto marketplace by identifying a
vulnerability that the top 8 cryptocurrency exchanges were
susceptible to.
At Hacken we support Oleksii’s standpoint, his policy is the only
acceptable course of action in such situations.
Being white hat hackers, we adhere to the ethics of computer
hacking what implies providing expert security assessment to
ensure comprehensive protection of a company’s information
systems. Hacken specialists reflect appropriate goals, possess
necessary knowledge and skills, as well as desire to make the web
safe again.

THE HACKEN TOKEN
For many millennia, money has been an efficient tool that unites
organizations and drives their subsequent growth and development.
Hacken is no exception. The distributed nature of Blockchain has
enabled us to engineer the HKN token so that it has the best
qualities of a modern cryptocurrency. Smart contract technology
enables us to add an additional layer to Hacken by creating
economic incentives and engaging the cybersecurity community to
promote ethical crypto use.
HKN is the only currency accepted within the Hacken Ecosystem. Any
services via HackenProof, Hacken Hub, or advanced subscription to
our CER analytics must be purchased in HKNs. This will reward
community members who get paid in HKNs by providing positive
liquidity and low volatility.
Please note: HKN is not intended to be a digital currency,
commodity, or any other kind of financial instrument. It
does not grant any share, stake, security, or equivalent
ownership rights including any right to receive future
revenue shares and intellectual property rights.

HKN Token Sale Information
Besides employing Blockchain in cybersecurity, HKN token also
implements another interesting financial innovation in the area
of tokenomics - the “burning” principle which we explain in a
separate section of this paper.

TOTAL SUPPLY

20M Hackens
1.3M @presale (1M + 30% bonus)
18.7M @main token sale

SYMBOL

HKN

MINIMUM SALE-IN

1 ETH

MAX CAP

5.6M. No future
emissions planned

INITIAL FIAT EQUIVALENT

1 HKN = 1 USD

CURRENCIES ACCEPTED

BTC, ETH, DASH, LTC, USD,
EUR, TaaS

LENGTH OF TOKEN SALE

One month

ESCROW

On average 80% of the funds
raised are kept in an escrow
account

*BONUS PROGRAM FOR THE
MAIN TOKEN SALE

1
1
3
1

—
—
—
—

4
2
7
2

hours 25%
days 20%
days 15%
weeks 10%

Token Distribution during ICO:

OPEN SALE

80%

TEAM REMUNERATION

10%

ADVISORS

7%

COMMUNITY MANAGER

1%

VOLUNTEERS BOUNTIES

2%

Token Distribution:
THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF
HKNS CONTRIBUTED

FUNDS RAISED

TOKENS RESERVED FOR HKN CORE
ACTIVITIES

TOKENS RESERVED FOR ADVISORY
BOARD AND PARTNERS
TOKEN HOLDERS

5.6m HKNs

252 BTC, 5359 ETH,
and $1240

560 000 HKN

392 000 HKN

3688

Launch periods:

2018

Q1

HackenProof Platform

Q2

CER

Q3

HackIT Conference
New competitions and speaking panels
at HackIT 2018 will be supported by
Hacken

Q4

Hacken Marketplace

2019

THE «BURNING» PRINCIPLE
When creating the HKN token, we developed our very own “burning”
principle. We believe that “burning” will expedite the growth of
liquidity and lessen the volatility risks for Hacken token
holders over time. It is important for all owners of Hacken to
understand that “burning” applies to platform fees only – this
reduces the amount of HKNs owned by the founders of the platform;
not its customers or security researchers.
The burning of HKNs is not integrated into the main smart contract
of Hacken on the Ethereum Network. We want to ensure that the HKN
token transactions between investors and exchanges will not
trigger the burning mechanism. The burning principle will be
applied only to the “product” transactions; in other words, to all
HKN transfers related to the services of Hacken Ecosystem.
Every Hacken service transaction is divided into 3 parts.
The first part is the 70% of the net value of HKNs transferred.
This amount is immediately delivered to the wallet of the final
recipient. For instance, HackenProof bug bounty payment in HKNs
goes to white hat hackers who submit vulnerabilities. In case of
a service purchase (e.g. anti-phishing or smart contract audit),
this amount of HKNs is considered company’s revenue.
Of the remaining 30% of the transaction, 15% of tokens represent
a team fee. It is applied to all services and payments - should
that be HackenProof or other Hacken services.
The other 15% goes towards the token burn event. These tokens are
transferred to the HKN reserve. Once the amount of HKNs in the
reserve is equal to 1% of total supply, the team will sell 1% of
the tokens (i.e. 0.01% of the total amount of Hackens as of the
moment of the event) via major cryptocurrency exchanges.
We will announce the event on social media with a 24-hour notice.
The sale will take place at 14:00 EET on the day following the day
of the announcement. Hacken will provide the list of exchanges to
the public at the time of the event. We reserve the right to amend
the list of exchanges in the future.
The “burning” will influence the exchange rate of Hackens vs

other crypto or fiat currencies. This allows Hacken to maintain a
decent price tag for vulnerability search services, attract more
white hat hackers to the platform, and ensure stable and efficient
maintenance of our Ecosystem. All the burning data will be
transparent and available to the public via our website.

70%

30%

70%

15%

15%

Hacken charges 30%
for each transaction
on the platform

15% is accumulated for
platform development
15% is burned

HKNs reserve

1%

Once the amount of HKN
reserved reaches
1% of the total amount
of HKN in circulation

Hacken announces
burning event

HACKENPROOF
HackenProof is a Bug Bounty Platform that helps businesses to
protect their digital assets, personal data of customers, and
their reputation through crowdsourced security.
By combining a “crowd” of cybersecurity researchers (white hat
hackers) and HackenProof platform, we deliver the quality of
service that cannot be matched by traditional cybersecurity
firms. Conventional cybersecurity services are constrained by the
size of their teams: the amount of time and skill employees have
as a group. Bug bounty platform solves this issue — hundreds of
security researchers will test your product on a continuous
basis. This approach allows to identify vulnerabilities more
efficiently and to prevent possible cyber threats.

Responsible Business
that wants to test
the security of
their assets/
networks/systems.

HackenProof Team
provides a seamless
work process between
researchers and
businesses.

250+ highly skilled
security researchers
from all over the
world.

The HackenProof platform has gathered a great number of skilled
white hat hackers from all over the world that specialize in
finding vulnerabilities in the web, mobile, hardware/IoT, and
especially in Blockchain applications and smart contracts.
The core of the HackenProof platform is ethical cooperation
between cybersecurity professionals and responsible IT companies
who care about the security of their products. We ensure
responsible and coordinated vulnerability disclosure and
encourage white hat hackers to protect modern businesses.
Any actions that may potentially damage the systems of a client
are pre-negotiated and necessitate customer’s consent. This
process of customization is transparent and thoroughly planned in
advance. Throughout the assessment, businesses receive frequent
detailed reports from security researchers.

A tokenized platform is decentralized among the community.
Receiving remuneration in HKNs, white hats are one of the
significant constituents representing the beneficiaries of the
platform. HKN's price directly depends on the quality of the
services provided, the number of secured clients, and the overall
size of the white hat community.
Bug bounty platform advantages
Unlike conventional cybersecurity firms, bug bounty platform
attracts a crowd of highly skilled cybersecurity researchers with
various backgrounds to find product vulnerabilities.
Bug bounty platform provides transparent reporting, 24/7
analytics, and information on the current status of your bug
bounty program.
The platform handles all operational issues - validating
submitted bugs, communicating with white hats, and organizing
other operational activities.
How Does It Work?
1 / Customers sign up for the bug bounty program, choose
program type (private or public), determine the number of
white hat hackers and their skill set, and decide on reward
parameters.
2 / Our security team helps customers set up and manage their
program(s).
3 / After the scope of the security assessment is
established, our team invites the HackenProof community to
participate in the bug bounty program. Hundreds of white hats
evaluate customer’s code in search of vulnerabilities.
4 / Community members submit detailed reports of all
vulnerabilities they discover. Their reports are checked for
accuracy, relevance, and originality.
5 / White hats receive bounties for discovering valid
vulnerabilities.
6 / Customer may order additional professional advice from
the Hacken Security Solution team.

HackenProof Roadmap

APR. 31
Vulnerability public
disclosure feature
Flexible automated
payouts

JUN. 30
Implementation of
Hackenproof Widget for
submitting

JUL. 31
Enabling Integrations
with third parties via
API

AUG. 30
Group researches and
teamwork mechanism
implementation

SEP. 30

Endorse and feedback
module release

Beta version

OCT. 30
Source code proof
programs

SEP. 30
Adding Company
Scoreboard
Smart profile filling

DEC. 30
Decentralized review
protocol MVP Release

CER
Crypto Exchange Ranks does analysis, scoring, and benchmarking of
exchanges – the platform will ease the process of finding a
relevant crypto exchange.
CER provides 24/7 analysis of data from all major crypto
exchanges. The information is thoroughly analyzed via advanced
economic and mathematic models, artificial intelligence, machine
learning, linguistic programming, and a detailed cybersecurity
assessment. The processed data is used as input for a multi-factor
scoring model in order to produce the most precise estimations.
As a result, CER clients receive accurate and up-to-date ratings
of trading platforms – this information significantly enhances
the decision-making processes when it comes to exchanges.
Problems that are going to be resolved
-

Liquidity;
Quotations clarity;
Kitchen-cheating;
Arbitrage trading;
KYC and AML process;
Legal compliance & legitimacy;
Withdrawal process and limits (counterparty risks);
Public opinion sensitivity;
Technical and cybersecurity sustainability.

Specialists that are working at CER
We have 5 main directions:
- Economic and mathematic modeling in risk assessment.
-Artificial Intelligence and machine learning
algorithmization.
- Cybersecurity (Hacken).
- NLP (Neuro-linguistic programming).
- HFT (High-Frequency Trading).
Target Audience
Individual investors, institutional investors, traders (HFT),
crypto exchanges, independent governmental agencies, and
traditional financial institutions. By the latter, we mean
establishments, such as pension capital funds, which do not have
direct exposure to cryptocurrency and require tools to analyze
risks.

HACKEN HUB
Hacken Hub provides a wide range of cybersecurity services. We
employ experts from across the world to provide customized
cybersecurity solutions for all kinds of businesses.
Anti-Phishing Service
Specialists from Hacken apply filters to detect phishing messages
and then compare the specified URI codes to the ones cataloged in
a growing database of known malicious URIs. Another way Hacken
detects phishing sites is by determining features of their
behavior and blocking them automatically every time users come
across them.
Our anti-phishing services also offer educational materials –
they teach users to recognize phishing emails and dangerous
sites, protect their computer and mobile devices, choose secure
passwords, and block fraudulent Google ads and fake social media
accounts that violate user’s brand name and success for nefarious
ends.
Besides, one of our most recent antiphishing services is
AntiPhishing Bot. Phishers and fake channels are the reason why
we developed the bot for Telegram because this messaging service
is one of the most popular communication channels in the crypto
and real worlds. Among its most popular and useful features are
blocking links in 2 modes, anti-admin phishing, statistics
monitoring, and wallet recognition.
Smart Contract Audit
A tiny error or defect in the logic of a smart contract may lead
to the enormous financial loss.
The external audit ensures that your smart contract works as you
expect: it detects vulnerabilities in the contract and
double-checks the logic of your program. Hacken tests the code of
a smart contract and suggests solutions for the detected issues.
Our methodology includes testing reentrancy attacks, access
control, and many more.

Here are some key benefits of doing Smart Contract audit with
Hacken:
- A detailed report
- Reliability when it comes to tight deadlines
- Fixed and transparent pricing
- Appropriate and easily interpretable audit metrics
- Analysis and testing by at least two independent researchers.
Penetration Testing
Penetration testing has become of utmost importance for companies
that operate in the digital world.
Security testing for web and mobile applications is performed to
find all possible vulnerabilities in applications. Hacken
provides clients with black-, grey- and whitebox penetration
testing. Our professionals have substantial experience across
different technology stacks and platforms.
Here are some key benefits of doing Smart Contract audit with
Hacken:
- A detailed report
- Reliability when it comes to tight deadlines
- Fixed and transparent pricing
- Methodology description

HACKIT CONFERENCE
HackIT is an annual international forum on cybersecurity held in
Ukraine.
In 2015, the first HackIT conference took place. It gathered 450
participants from two countries. Next year, 650 participants from
six countries attended HackIT. About 700 people attended the
conference last year. In 2018, HackIt will be held for the fourth
time and more than 1200 attendees are expected to come.
The conference offers speaking panels featuring local and
international experts, as well as specialized cybersecurity
competitions, which are free for everyone to participate.
Capture the Flag Competition
Hackers compete in 8 categories online: Web, Misc, Joy, Crypto,
PWN, Reverse, Forensics, and Stego. Thousands of hackers
worldwide take part in the CTF competition to test their skills
and win money rewards and tickets to HackIT.
HackIT Cup
HackIT Cup — an onsite Bug Bounty Marathon. It is a real challenge
for the best white hat hackers gathered under one roof: the
participant who finds the highest number of vulnerabilities in
the digital assets of a customer wins the competition.
For the first time, this competition gathered the 30 brightest
hackers from all over the world and offered them a chance to
participate in a private bug bounty program with instant
payments. The participators sharpened their skills and showed
dedication to community values of white hats. In 2017, on the
board of Antonov 225 Mriya, one of the largest airplanes in the
world, Steve Wozniak greeted these very researchers.
«Battle» of Hackers
The selection round for this competition occurs during the first
half of the conference day. During the selection round, each
participant has 30 minutes to solve the maximum number of tasks
to earn points. During the second half of the first conference
day, finalists of the selection round take the podium to perform
real-time cybersecurity problem-solving. Their computer screens
are broadcasted to the audience, and their performance is covered
live by a cybersports TV anchor.

HackIT Conference Quick Facts
1) HackIT is a community-driven event endorsed by the local
OWASP and DEF COIN groups
2) The past conferences featured keynote addresses by industry
leaders: CheckPoint, EY, Samsung, Cyphort, and GlobalLogic
3) HackIT also features three online competitions: CTF, Battle
of Hackers, and CyberDetective OSINT Challenge
4) More than 5,000 participants from 93 countries took part in
HackIT CTF 2016;
5) HackIT CTF 2016 winners, the DCUA team, went on to become
the best CTF team (according to CTFtime.org).
6) HackIT 2018 will aim to bridge Europe and Asia. It will last
for 5 days and will include 2 workshop days, 2 days of speaking
panels, and a trip to Chornobyl.

ABOUT US
All members of our team have been involved in various
cybersecurity projects for the majority of their careers.
For a long time, we have seen the huge potential of Ukraine in the
area of cybersecurity. Recent state-sponsored cyber attacks on
the infrastructure of the country led us to believe that our time
had come.
CEO

Dmytro Budorin
Dmytro is ACCA; he worked in Deloitte for 8 years in various
audit, ERP implementation, and project management positions.
While at Deloitte, Dmytro won the Deloitte CIS Audit Challenge
with his audit of a Big Data SAP solution, which CIS offices
widely implemented. As of late, he has been one of the top
executives in Ukraine's military defense industry. At Hacken,
Dmytro takes a leading role: he is responsible for all
managerial decisions and implementation of Hacken’s long-term
and short-term strategic goals.

CSO

Mykyta Knysh
Mykyta is Hacken’s Chief Security Officer; he specializes in
cybersecurity training for various governmental institutions
of Ukraine. He was a non-regular consultant at the
Administration of the President of Ukraine and is now a former
officer of security services of Ukraine. Mykyta managed his own
successful business in the field of cybersecurity and
co-founded HackIT conference. His role is to provide
operational security services to the clients.

CTO

Andrii Matiukhin
Andrii has 13 years of successful experience in cybersecurity
and implementation of technologies: he worked with such vendors
as CheckPoint, Cisco, and Juniper Networks. Andrii successfully
put forward complex technical solutions for more than a dozen
projects in several countries for corporations, government
agencies, banks, and even the International Olympic Games
Committee. His role at Hacken is to provide technological
leadership, coordinate existing services, and support the
interaction between business units within Hacken Ecosystem.

Business Development Director

Dr. Yegor Aushev

Yegor holds a Ph.D. in High Energy Physics from DESY, Hamburg.
He is the author of 22 scientific papers in the field. Since
2015, Yegor has been the CEO of Information Security Group - a
boutique cybersecurity firm offering penetration testing, data
protection services, and information security audit.
Currently, Yegor is working on entering new markets for Hacken
Ecosystem and opening new offices overseas. Moreover, Yegor is
also responsible for Government Relations.

CFO

Oleg Zverlin
Oleg worked at Deloitte for more than 11 years in various
management positions. He is а finance professional with
extensive hands-on experience in financial analysis and
corporate finance: M&A transaction services, business
valuation, financial modeling, business plan development for
strategic and financial investors. He worked in Ukraine, the
UK, and CIS countries. At Hacken, Oleg oversees company’s
finances: liquidity management, financial planning, and
controlling. Further, he maintains the financial health of
Hacken Ecosystem.

HackIt Lead Manager

Vladimir Taratushka

Vladimir studied Informational Security and has a degree in
Economical Security. This hereditary coder started hacking in
games as early as 6 and later switched to commercial software.
His background leads him into the crypto world, and Vladimir
started mining BTC when the currency was valued at just $27. He
built a distributed mining network, founded a web developing
company, co-founded HackIT cybersecurity conference and
ProtectMaster - an information security services company.

COO

Andrey Polyansky
Andrey is a highly qualified manager with more than 18 years of
experience in the finance industry. He developed his expertise
via a banking career in large international groups in Ukraine.
Andrey received an MBA degree and was accredited as ICU’s
executive coach. At Hacken, he is responsible for the
management of company’s operations, HR, and procedures related
to the efficiency of business development.

CMO

Ivan Hotsko
Ivan started his career with the b2b startup Precoro. He then
worked as a multi-regional SEO specialist for TemplateMonster,
one of the world's biggest website template marketplaces. A
certified inbound and sales marketer, Ivan focuses on demand,
leads, and customer generation. His primary responsibility is
to generate revenue by increasing ROI through digital marketing
operations.

Crypto Exchange Rating Product Manager

Shestakov Dmytro

Dmytro has almost 12 years of experience in the field of
investment management and strategy development; he holds an MBA
degree in banking and finance. Dmytro headed Investment and
Innovations at one of the largest governmental enterprises in
the defense industry of Ukraine. Moreover, Dmytro has worked as
a Vice-President for Strategy and Development at Ukrainian
Interbank Currency Exchange. As a CER Product Manager, he
conducts market researches, generates product requirements,
and represents products according to time-integrated plans.

HackenProof Product Manager

Evgenya Borshevan

Before joining Hacken, Evgenia was in charge of one of the
largest cybersecurity conferences in Eastern Europe - HackIT.
She has taken part in numerous scientific security conferences
and summer schools in Europe. Last but not least, she holds a
master’s degree in cybersecurity and the title of a Certified
Ethical Hacker. Evgenia is a co-founder of Hacken and performs
several tasks as HackenProof Product Manager: she unites the
efforts of all security researchers, internal security team,
sales, and product teams to provide security excellence for
responsible businesses.

Brand Director

Marichka Voitovich
Marichka implemented marketing and rebranding strategies for
the first Ukrainian weapon supplier and presented the company
at military exhibitions. She created a set of catalogs for all
Ukrainian weapons. Marichka is in charge of the brand promotion
of Hacken Ecosystem. She cultivates the image of the Hacken
brand all over the world during international conferences.

Demand Generation Director

Hleb Myrko

Hleb started his career as a co-founder of an educational
project focused on the African and Asian markets.
Simultaneously, he worked for UvoCorp as a writing mentor and
corporate trainer. Hleb has a Master's Degree in Management and
Economics, and he is a certified inbound marketer. At Hacken,
he is responsible for generating demand on each strategic
direction of the Hacken Ecosystem operations including HKN
token, HackenProof, CER, Hub Services, and HackIT Conference.

Growth Hacker

Ilya Alypov

Ilya is a certified inbound marketing specialist. He
specializes in the development of web solutions for small and
medium businesses. Further, he focuses on the organization of
confluences, product development, data-driven marketing, and
design. His role in the project is to design and build a
scalable and stable growth machine.

WHY DOES ANY OF THIS
MATTER?
It’s neither surprising that cybersecurity is a thriving
industry, nor that the reason for that is Eastern Europe becoming
a test site for state-sponsored cyber warfare.
Recently, Blockchain has also come under attack and became a test
site for various penetration and hacking techniques (as we
mentioned in the Introduction section). The more Blockchain
projects emerge, the more black hat hackers focus their attention
on this industry.
During these recent turbulent years, we observed a phenomenon
that is totally new to Eastern Europe — civic cyberactivism. Most
different Ukrainian citizens - university professors, business
consultants, attorneys, and bankers united their efforts to build
a collective cyber defense system for the country.
Cyberactivism is a positive development that may lead to a number
of favorable projects and initiatives. After all, despite a
superior institutional culture, proper training, and larger
budgets, Western firewalls failed in recent years.
Cryptocurrencies play a vital role in enabling huge, distributed,
and transparent cyberdefense budgets form a decentralized network
of individual backers.
That is why the HKN token sale was a major success! It enabled us
to build a sound regional cyber defense system that adjusts to
meet potential in years to come. Ultimately, it is intended to
launch a movement that will focus on countering international
cybercrime and cooperate with different governmental institutions
to develop cybersecurity standards.
Hacken has a straightforward business model: a wide range of
cybersecurity services including a Bug Bounty Platform —
HackenProof — and crypto security and analytics center —CER.
We look for the best talents in existing cybersecurity ecosystems
and give back to the community. This latter effort is our support
of HackIT Conference and assistance to the global community via
the services of Hacken Hub.

CONTACT US
We hope that this document provided solid arguments and detailed
information about Hacken’s importance to the global fintech
industry. We welcome you to the Hacken Ecosystem! We are happy to
provide you with assistance and more details at info@hacken.io or
via our Telegram Group https://t.me/hacken_en.
Visit Hacken’s (HKN) ofﬁcial channels:
-

Official Website;
Hub Hacken;
HackenProof;
Crypto Exchange Ranks.

Follow Hacken’s (HKN) ofﬁcial social media accounts:
-

Telegram;
Twitter;
Facebook;
Reddit;

