1

2

Introduction
10 years ago, Bitcoin was founded by Satoshi Nakamoto and a team of
developers. Many people did not foresee that Bitcoin would revolutionize the
world as it did today. The idea behind Bitcoin was to eliminate the central
authorities such as banks with a new peer to peer electronic cash system. The
system was elegant and transparent, every transaction made in the system is
recorded in the blocks and anyone could track them down, besides, it was not
revealing anyone’s identity since the addresses were not coupled with any real
people. These features attracted more people in time and in the recent years
many blockchain systems have emerged. Nowadays, many experts state that
blockchain’s current situation is similar to World Wide Web’s first days.
4 years ago, talented people created Ethereum which united the contracts with
Blockchain and smart contracts were born. That became a gateway for
developers to create their own tokens and smart contracts. Today, a lot of
cryptocurrencies are using Ethereum platform and that proves Ethereum help
blockchains develop in a good way.
Even though the Blockchain and cryptocurrencies represent the future, they
need to touch people’s daily life. If they cannot manage that they will be traded
in cryptocurrency markets for a while and they people will forget them in a few
years. That is what Herbalist team desired, creating a real use case for
cryptocurrencies and help them revolutionize the world into a better place. In
this greenpaper, we will explain how Herbalist Token Project unite the power of
herbs with the latest technology.
Before diving into what Herbalist Token Project is, we will share some important
information about rare herbs.
The Power of Herbs
For centuries, people have been using herbs for medicinal and healing purposes.
Before modern medicine, herbalists have been creating cures from herbs. They
do more than simply adding flavor and color to our favorite dishes; their healing
and restorative powers are impressive. Even after medicinal procedures
improved, the key ingredients of the most modern medications are still herbs.
But after being exposed to countless side effects of modern medications, people
are now going back to traditional use of herbs more and more every day.

3

What Are Rare Herbs?
Rare Herbs may be scarce because the total population of the species may have
just a few individuals, or be restricted to a narrow geographic range, or both.
Some rare herbs occur sparsely over a broad area. Other rare herbs have many
individuals, but these are crowded into a tiny area; in some cases, a single county
or canyon. A third kind of rare herbs are those with both few individuals and a
narrow geographic range: these are the very rarest plants.
The status assessments of rare herbs are based on the best available information
and consider a variety of factors. These factors are,
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Total number and condition of occurrences (e.g., populations)
Population size
Range extent and area of occupancy
Short-term and long-term trends in the above factors
Scope, severity, and immediacy of threats
Number of protected and managed occurrences
Intrinsic vulnerability
Environmental specificity

Why Are Some Herbs Rare?
Some plants are naturally rare, and the cause may be a mystery. These rare
plants are not necessarily in danger of extinction. If their habitat is secure and
they continue to reproduce in the wild, no intervention is needed. However,
botanists do agree that rare plants are more likely to become extinct than more
common species. There are particular life history characteristics recognized by
scientists as increasing a plant species’ risk of extinction. A few examples of these
natural risk factors are:
● Specialization to a particular soil or rock substrate, which may be patchy
and/or limited in area
● Population isolation
● Specific mutualistic relationships with other organisms, such as
pollinators, dispersers, or fungal partners
● Genetic self-incompatibility, for instance dioeciousness (where an
individual plant has only one flower gender, so two plants at a minimum a male and a female - are required for sexual reproduction to occur)

4

● Gravity or ant dispersed seed: causes difficulty in colonizing fragmented
habitat, since seeds may not be able to move far enough to reach the next
suitable habitat patch
Other plants that were formerly more common have become rare due to
changes in their environment. These changes are often brought on directly or
indirectly by people’s patterns of settlement, transportation, recreation, and use
of natural resources. We can help rare species recover and even thrive
sometimes by making changes in our own behaviors. For most species, rarity
results from some combination of anthropogenic (human-induced) and
evolutionary ("natural") factors rather than a single cause.
Human causes of rarity, direct and indirect, are identifiable for many rare plants.
The more common ones are:
●
●
●
●

Loss of habitat, which may already be limited by natural specialization
Loss of pollinators, dispersal agents, or other plant partners
Collecting for horticulture, medicinal uses, or science
Introduction of competitors, pathogens, and pests: usually not native, and
therefore not having co-evolved with our native plants
The following further discussion of the causes of rarity will move back and forth
between natural and human-caused reasons for rarity, as they are so intertwined
in nature.
Loss of Habitat
Many scientists make a point of distinguishing between species that naturally
occur in small, isolated populations and those that have been fragmented and
diminished by human activity. Plant species that were once widespread,
interbreeding, and diverse are most sensitive to declines in genetic variation
associated with restrictions in range or population size. Loss of habitat prohibits
buildup of population numbers from periodic lows. A habitat or population
fragment is a smaller target for incoming seeds being dispersed from another
habitat patch; therefore, recolonization may be problematic.
Some plants are naturally restricted to rare, patchy habitats, such as limestone
or serpentine rock outcrops, balds, and vernal pools. From a conservation
perspective, these are the easiest habitats to model, map, and survey for plants,
and often the easiest to protect. Occurrences of plants confined to these habitats
can be predicted by the distribution of the habitats. The habitats can be seen
and outlined on an aerial photo or soil map of suitable resolution. However,
these patchy habitats, especially if the patches are small, are very susceptible to
5

careless or intentional destruction, especially if the patches contain some
economically valuable commodity (such as minerals or landscape rock), or are
embedded in an economically valuable matrix (such as woodland habitat that is
attractive for housing). In addition, a too-tight focus on habitat patches, leaving
out surrounding matrix habitat when planning for species conservation, can lead
to loss of essential ecological relationships and, ultimately, failure to conserve
the target species. For example, andrenid bees, critical pollinators of California
vernal pool genera such as Downingia and Limnanthes, nest in the upland matrix
surrounding the pools. A conservation plan that overlooks this relationship is
likely to be unsuccessful.
The most common cause of plant habitat loss and subsequent plant rarity and
endangerment is conversion of native plant habitat to cities, farms, roads, and
regulated-flow river systems and reservoirs. Human settlement has also changed
plant habitats through fire suppression, introduction of aggressive weeds,
recreational use, and natural resource extraction.
Loss of Pollinators, Dispersal Agents, or Other Plant Partners
About one-fifth of all pollen-producing plants have pollen light enough to float
on wind or water. Noteworthy members of this group are conifers, oaks, grasses,
and sagebrush, typical "hay fever" culprits. The rest have heavier pollen, and
must rely on animals to move pollen from one flower to the next. Insects (bees,
flies, beetles, butterflies, moths, and wasps) do most animal pollination of native
plants, but some plants rely on birds or bats for pollen transfer.
Water, wind, animals, or mechanical means disperse fruits and seeds. The
purpose of any dispersal system is to get seeds to a suitable patch of habitat that
is not already occupied. Timing is critical: the dispersal agent must be available
at the time the seeds are ready for dispersal. Distance among habitat patches is
also critical. If the distance to the next habitat patch exceeds the dispersal range
of the species, that habitat patch has no way to be recolonized should the local
population be lost through disease, predation, or local natural catastrophe.
Water dispersal is confined to aquatic and shoreline plants. Premature drying of
creek beds, water diversions, channelization, and reservoir drawdowns can
interfere with water dispersal of riparian and aquatic plants.
Wind dispersed species are those with winged outgrowths or tufts of hair, such
as papoose members of the sunflower family, as well as milkweeds, willowherbs, willows, cottonwoods, and maples, conifers; and, a few species with no
other adaptation other than being very tiny and light, including most orchids.
6

Those that are light and can travel a long way are adapted to exploit patchy,
ephemeral habitats. These include many early successional species. Lightweight
orchid seeds disperse widely so that a small fraction of them will find a suitable
patch of habitat with just the right conditions.
Animal dispersed seeds stick to the animal in some way, with hooks, mucilage,
or mud from wet habitats, or are eaten and passed through the digestive system.
Seeds that are eaten include berries, nuts, or those with a fleshy aril or elaiosome
that offers some nutritive value to the dispersing creature. Berries and nuts,
since they are relatively large, tend to be used and dispersed by larger animals
(birds and mammals) with longer dispersal distances. Seeds with elaiosomes,
such as in trilliums and violets, are dispersed by ants. This limits the dispersal
distance of the seeds and colonies of plants may become isolated by large
expanses of unsuitable habitat.
The importance of mycorrhizal associations (plants with roots connected to
fungal hyphae to extend their nutrient-gathering ability) to seedling germination
and survival has been documented for a wide variety of habitats, including
grasslands, sagebrush scrub, wetlands, tallgrass prairie, as well as forests.
Mycorrhizal fungi are sensitive to soil disturbance, solar heating of soil, and
pesticides. The mycorrhizal flora is currently susceptible to wholesale change
through air-borne nitrogen enrichment of the soil that is occurring worldwide.
Species dependent on specific mycorrhizal associations, such as terrestrial
orchids and moonworts (Botrychium species) may be at special risk because of
the vulnerability of their fungus partners to environmental changes.
Effects of Climate Change to Rare Herbs
Climates have been in flux as far back as geologic evidence can be read.
Paleobotanical evidence shows that vegetation has migrated and evolved
repeatedly in response to climate change. This trend seems likely to continue.
The questions seem to be at what rate and with what influence by human
activity. Ecologists currently agree that, in the future as in the past, vegetation
will not shift or migrate as intact biomes or communities. Individual species have
different migration rates and different responses and will probably form new
assemblages not now seen.
Scientists suggest that mycorrhizal migration rates may limit vascular plant
migration rates. If this is the case, species dependent on a single mycorrhizal
fungus, or to both a fungus and a woody host plant (as for sugar stick or phantom
7

orchid), would be at a disadvantage in adapting rapidly to climate change.
Successful adaptive migration also depends on the presence of continuous
migration corridors of friendly habitat. This is likely to be a problem for many
species, but especially for those already limited to isolated, patchy habitats and
dependent on specialized pollinators and dispersal agents.
Global warming, linked to human-induced increases in CO2 and other
"greenhouse gases" is a scenario addressed by plant conservationist David
Given:
“A vertical ascent of around 500 meters could compensate for a 3° C rise in
average temperature, but because available land area decreases with increasing
altitude, species with large habitat area requirements may become extinct. In
any case, associations of species will be squeezed into decreasing areas as they
ascend.”
Since plant species with large habitat requirements tend to be wind- pollinated
(such as conifer trees and prairie grasses), this would place many widespread
woody plants and graminoids currently limited to middle and upper montane
zones at risk. Some alpine species would simply "wink out" under a global
warming scenario, as there would be no higher elevation habitat nearby to which
they could migrate.
Stochastic Risk
Rarity itself leads to an increased risk of endangerment and extinction, because
rare plants with few and small populations are less able to recover from random
events that wipe out individuals or entire populations. This kind of risk is called
“stochastic risk”.
For example, the small size of the only known population of showy
stickseed, Hackelia venusta, is a major barrier to its recovery. The small number
of individuals (roughly 600 plants) remaining in the sole population located in
Tumwater Canyon makes H. venusta vulnerable to extinction due to random
events such as slope failure (mass wasting or surface erosion) or drought. A
single random environmental event could extirpate a substantial portion or all
of the remaining individuals of this species, leading to extinction.
Rare plants fall into several general categories of risk:
● Those that appear to be doing just fine, regardless of their rarity
8

● Those that are in trouble for obvious human-caused reasons
● Those that are in trouble for obvious natural causes
● Those that are declining for no obvious reason
The hardest work of rare plant conservation comes with the last group, where
the natural causes of rarity and the human causes of rarity must be teased apart
before it is possible to find conservation solutions.
Market Price Analysis of Rare Herbs
One of the greatest challenges in the agriculture industry is supply chain. The
supply of standard produce is greatly impacted by our current supply chain. In
an article, Forbes magazine states that the big challenge is we’re dealing with an
archaic distribution system — “We’ve got farmer, transportation, manufacturer,
distributor, broker, and realtor. It’s a super obsolete 20th century distribution
model.” This model needs to change, and this is where our Herbalist Token
Project comes into play.
Let’s look at the current supply chain and its impact. Below is a standard supply
chain. As we can expect and as Forbes noted, there are many a lot of parties
involved.

Note that with each phase of the distribution model, huge amounts of time is
wasted. Not only does this mean degrading quality of produce, but every time
produce is transported or stored, embedded costs increase as well. Consider the
cost of fuel, labor, distribution markups, and maintenance. All these are factors
in the price we pay for produce at the grocery and produce that’s severely lacking
in freshness.
Let’s analyze this standard supply chain in terms of shrinkage of Leafy Green
Produce and Herbs.

9

As you can see, a shocking 68% is lost before it reaches our home. And another
15% is lost in our home. Total of 83% is lost until it reaches our home. Let’s also
consider the actual quality of the produce you are eating. From the moment it
was picked, it began to decay and lose its freshness. Even if appearance-wise it
may look fresh, nutrients are diminishing every day in the produce we buy.
As we mentioned, with each phase of distribution model, huge amounts of time
is wasted and the product decays a great deal. Same thing happens when it
comes to the price of the product. Because of many intermediaries from
producer to consumer, the prices increase in unimaginable levels. This is the
standard case for produce products. When we analyze the price change of rare
herbs, the price increases to exorbitant levels because of the scarcity of the
products.
Let’s give an example of Matsutake Mushroom. The farmers in Japan sell their
product of Matsutake Mushroom to an intermediary for $100 per kg. Because of
the current supply chain, this mushroom is sold at €4000 per kg in Germany. The
price increases to more than 40 times of the original cost.
Herbalist Token Project offers a new platform to cut the costs and give farmers
an opportunity to sell their products directly to the consumers.
What is Herbalist Token (HERB) Project?
Global Marketplace
Today, rare herb growers and collectors are struggling to find a convenient
marketplace to sell their product around the world. Most of the rare herbs have
interested parties and buyers around the globe but most of the farmers can only
sell their products locally because there is no marketplace to bring them
together. Rare herbs grow in very different parts of the world and these areas
are usually rural areas and sometimes they are in developing countries.
As a result, the growers sell their product to intermediaries and then the
intermediaries can sell the product to buyers in foreign countries. This situation
10

increases the prices and affects the customers, at the same time it causes the
farmers to earn less money for their product.
Additionally, corporates and big companies overcharge consumers by cornering
the market and creating monopolies. This creates an enormous wealth gap
between corporate owners and hardworking farmers.

As you can see, a farmer is able to get only %13 of the money paid for a produce
while the consumer spends most of his money to services which does not add
any value to the produce. Herbalist Token Project is going to solve this problem
by building a blockchain integrated global marketplace that will bring the
farmers and the buyers together. In our platform, any farmer is going to be able
list their products and find buyers around the globe easily and quickly. Our
platform will
●
●
●
●
●

eliminate the intermediaries,
cut the unnecessary costs,
increase the profit of the growers,
decrease the price of the product for the customers and,
make the rare herbs more accessible to everyone.

On our Global Rare Herbs Marketplace, users can buy and sell products securely
and reliably. Sellers can create their own stores and build their reputation
through review points given by customers. Additionally, sellers can also attach
pictures and videos to their listings to show the quality of their products. In the
meantime, the consumers will enjoy cheaper prices and fresher products with
our platform. Along with these, our platform will be designed to protect both
parties. Customers’ payment will be escrowed in our platform and it will be
11

transferred to the seller once the desired product delivered to the customer.
Therefore, it will also add an extra layer of security for the users.
Since the price gap of rare herbs’ sales in current supply chain is huge, our
platform will mainly focus on rare herb sales, but we also encourage all kinds of
produce and herb farmers to market their products on our platform to decrease
prices globally.
In order to decrease the costs even more, we are also going to make partnerships
with local and global shipping and logistic companies around the world for the
sales processed through our platform. Sellers on our platform will be able to ship
their products at cheaper rates.
Herbalist Token (HERB)
Herbalist Token (HERB) is an Ethereum Blockchain based ERC-20 token that will
be used in payments processed through our platform. Our goal is to create a
global marketplace with a single cryptocurrency payment option to remove
currency conversion costs, reach farmers and customers beyond country
borders and decrease the overall costs even more.
•
•
•
•

Contract Address: 0x04A020325024F130988782bd5276e53595e8d16E
Symbol: HERB
Decimal: 8
Total Supply: 9,500,000,000

Token Sale
Herbalist Token (HERB) ICO sales will start on November 6th, 2018 at 11:00 UTC
and end on November 13th, 2018 at 11:00 UTC.
In order to buy HERB tokens during the token sale, you will need to send the
required amount of ETH to the address that will be published on our official
website of www.herbalisttoken.com. In response to the payment, HERB tokens
will be sent to the same wallet address you sent your ETH from.
Please DO NOT send any funds to the Contract Address. Send your funds only to
the ETH address specified on our website.

12

May 2018

The Roadmap

The origin of Rare Herbs
Marketplace and
Herbalist Token Idea

June 2018
Team Building

July 2018
Attraction of Advisors

September 2018
Rare Herbs Database
Creation Started

October 2018
Herbalist Token Website
is created

November 6th, 2018 Herbalist
Token (HERB) ICO Start
November 13th, 2018 Herbalist
Token (HERB) ICO End
November 19th, 2018 Rare
Herbs Volunteer Program Start
November 2018
Exchange Listings &
Partnerships with Shipping
Companies

December 2018
Further Exchange
Listings & Partnerships

January 2019
Rare Herbs Global
Marketplace Website
Launch

February 2019
Consumer Awareness
Webinars Start on
YouTube Channel

March 2019
Partnerships with
Universities Around The
World
13

Token Distribution
Herbalist Tokens will be distributed as specified in the chart.

Funds Allocation
The funds that will be raised in the ICO will be allocated according to plan showed
in the chart below.

14

Legal Disclaimer
a) Token Sale Restrictions
If the laws of the country you reside in involve certain requirements for you, as a potential
token holder, or for the process of tokens acquisition and exchange, we recommend you
consult the lawyers with the relevant practice in your jurisdiction and make a decision about
the tokens based on their recommendation. Besides, we would like to bring to your notice
that due to technical organization of token issuing and exchange, we do not collect, store, or
make use of the potential token holders’ personal data, and, thus, we cannot control what
jurisdiction they belong to and whether the laws of this jurisdiction are violated. As a result of
such circumstances, the responsibility for exchanging tokens in your jurisdiction rests with
you, as the token holder.
b) Risks
You acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing HERB,
holding HERB, and using HERB for participation in Herbalist Token Project.
(1) Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions
The regulatory status of HERB and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in
many jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether regulatory agencies may
apply existing regulations or create new regulations with respect to such technology and its
applications, including HERB and/or Herbalist Token Project. Regulatory actions could
negatively impact HERB and/or Herbalist Token Project in various ways. The Project (or its
affiliates) may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or
changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially
undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.
After consulting with a wide range of legal advisors and continuous analysis of the
development and legal structure of virtual currencies, the Project will apply a cautious
approach towards the sale of HERB. Therefore, for the crowdsale, the Project may constantly
adjust the sale strategy in order to avoid relevant legal risks as much as possible.
(2) Competitors
It is possible that alternative networks could be established that utilize the same or similar
code and protocol underlying HERB and attempt to recreate similar facilities. The project may
be required to compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact
Herbalist Token Project.
(3) Failure to develop
There is the risk that the development of HERB will not be executed or implemented as
planned, for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the event of a decline in the
prices of any digital asset, virtual currency or HERB, unforeseen technical difficulties, and
shortage of development funds for activities.

15

(4) Security weaknesses
Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with Herbalist
Token Project in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of
service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore,
there is a risk that a third party or a member of the project or its affiliates may intentionally
or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of HERB which could
negatively affect Herbalist Token Project.
(5) Other risks
In addition to the aforementioned risks, there are other risks associated with your purchase,
holding and use of HERB, including those that the Project cannot anticipate. Such risks may
further materialize as unanticipated variations or combinations of the aforementioned risks.
You should conduct full due diligence on the Project, its affiliates and the Herbalist Token
Project team, as well as understand the overall framework and vision for Herbalist Token
Project prior to purchasing HERB.

Herbalist Token Project on Social Media
• Official Website
www.herbalisttoken.com
• Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/groups/193763838199362/
• Twitter
https://twitter.com/herbalistoken
• Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMUXvSWSxdXwjsD54oV6pRA
• Reddit
https://www.reddit.com/user/Herbalist_Token
• Telegram Chat
https://t.me/Herbalist_Token
• Telegram Announcements
https://t.me/Herbalist_Announcements

16

