Whitepaper 2018 - V1.0
Disclaimer: This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any digital assets. The paper represents the current version of the
platform (Minimum Viable Product - MVP) and future work in progress, and illustrates the intent of iHuddl Inc to develop, launch
and market certain products and services. These products and services are built on new technologies, and the plans may
be altered as the platform matures to meet evolving consumer demands, markets, technological advances, and government
regulations.

Contents
We’re on a Mission

3

In Summary

4

Motivation

6

Financial services are exclusive

6

Social networks do not compensate users

7

Few tokens provide real utility

8

Huddl Platform

9

Users

10

Providers

11

Huddl Token

12

Token Supply and Release Schedule

13

Token Distribution

14

Roadmap

16

Team

17

Marketing Plan and Approach

19

Access Granted

20

Disclosures

21

We’re on a Mission
At Huddl, we want to empower the collective to achieve a broad and fair
distribution of wealth.

“ Our mission is to channel the collective aspirations, networks, and

buying power of the general public such that every individual derives the
maximum monetary and functional benefit from their consumption and
investing activities.
To accomplish this mission we will begin by focusing our initial attention on
democratizing access to premium financial services and exclusive investment
products. We will discover the best investment products and financial services
Wall Street has to offer and bring them to Main Street.

4

In Summary
Today we live in a world of mistrust where consumers and investors find it very difficult, if not impossible, to
trust global institutions, whether these institutions are NGOs, Government, Business or Media. Many studies
have been performed over the last decade confirming these views and it appears this discontent is growing
deeper and broader.
In a recent study performed by Edelman, they found that the majority of consumers and investors trust the
financial services and banking industries the least. However, what may be surprising is this distrust traverses
all industries, where the predominant reason for consumers’ distrust is caused mainly by consumers believing
most businesses are corrupt or fraudulent, and that unethical motivations drive business decisions.

Percent Who Trust Each Sector
63

62

63

70

67

66

75

uc
at
io
n
Ed

Te
ch
no
lo
gy

Tra
n

sp

or

ta
tio
n

Re
ta
il

Ca
re
th
al

un
co
m
Te
le

He

ica
tio
ns

t
en
m
in
rta
te
En

Fi
se nan
rv cia
ice l
s

54

A powerful example of this distrust can be seen by looking at the significant deterioration of trust in
“platforms” (i.e. search engines and social media). Whether the lack of trust is the result of the rise of fake
news, or the industry’s exponential adoption of business models based predominantly on obtaining and
exploiting personal consumer information for profit, is unclear. However, what is clear is that consumers
are no longer accepting of revenue and profit models that return enormous benefits to institutions at the
expense of consumers, communities, and our overall society.
In order to find a solution to these issues, we must first understand that the problems in the global marketplace
stem from the unique role consumers fill, where their actions alone decide the overall success of the global
economy. What is often overlooked is the fact that consumer income (supply) and spending (demand)
drives the direction of interest rates, corporate profits, stock markets, employment, government debt, prices
of goods and services, and so much more. It is this dependency on the consumer that has caused the
marketplace to broaden and accelerate their endeavors to understand and secure the activities, intentions,
and information of the consumer.

5

However, what institutions, and the global marketplace, often fail to understand is the provision of tools or
services that deliver ease-of-access, games and social media does not justify gathering and distributing
personal consumer information for corporate profit. Consumers’ and investors’ personal information should
not be simply thought of as a way to discover methods to sell more products but, more importantly, something
of tangible value that should be visible and deliver direct benefits to the owner of that information, the
consumer. Existing technology platforms have failed to recognize this reality and, in many cases, that is part
of the problem. Making matters worse, the financial services and banking industries have also failed in this
regard, as their products and services are both highly commoditized and seriously outdated. Thus, what we
are left with is a global marketplace that cannot meet the needs of the 21st-century consumer or investor.
Considering the distrust consumers and investors have for all industries, alongside institutions’ inability to
meet their needs amidst ever more treacherous and speculative capital markets, a significant need and
opportunity exists for a new and trusted social platform model that can maximize a consumer’s value and
wealth by focusing on their specific interests and needs in an ever-changing and challenging world.

“ Huddl believes these problems can be resolved by introducing a new market utility that connects,

incubates, and fuses consumers in unique and powerful ways to create trusted micro-sharing communities,
maximizing every individual’s buying power, influence, and impact.
Huddl’s unique approach unlocks consumers’ potential while providing them with unprecedented monetization
and value creation opportunities to assist consumers in maximizing their savings and wealth, and improve
overall quality of life in their earning years and in retirement.
Our powerful, multi-sided digital platform enables the exchange of consumer products and services while
delivering actionable intelligence to both consumers and businesses to discover, locate and engage one
another in a controlled fair environment.
Huddl will begin this journey by focusing our initial technology solutions on democratizing access to essential
financial products and services. These services will deliver more benefits and value to users than is currently
being provided by the global financial and platform industries, as it will both incubate and unite consumers
to create a single new global consumer clearinghouse, marketplace, and exchange.

6

Motivation
We see several inefficiencies across traditional financial services, dominant platforms, social networks, and
current blockchain and decentralized application structures that motivate us to build the Huddl platform.

Financial services are exclusive
The risks involved in global capital markets have resulted in specific laws or regulations devised by wellintentioned bureaucrats to protect the less fortunate or knowledgeable. However, in many cases, instead
of actually protecting investors, these laws and regulations have created a divided financial market where
those with wealth have access to specialized products and services -- thus better knowledge and risk
management -- and those without are left to their own devices resulting in inadequate financial literacy and
risk management.
To make matters worse, the public market no longer offers the full breadth of opportunities that have
historically been available to the general public, and consequently, investors need to consider a broader
array of alternatives to access younger and rapidly growing companies. The National Bureau of Economic
Research finds that public stock markets are shrinking - the number of publicly listed companies in the U.S.
has declined by ~50% since hitting a peak in 1996. Countries in different regions, such as Germany and
Brazil, have also experienced a significant decline in public listings. In general terms, the remaining public
companies in the U.S. are older, larger, and slower growing. Companies prefer to remain private for longer
because they can access venture-capital and private equity funds, and not deal with the regulatory burdens
and investment pressures that accompany the public marketplace.

Number of Companies With Listed Stocks Has Decreased Over the Years
8,000
7,000
6,000
5,000
4,000
2010

2000

1990

1980

3,000

Mainstream investors must discover ways to gain access to exclusive investment opportunities and specialized
services typically only available to the wealthy, and obtain vital financial education so they can make more
informed decisions.

7

Social networks do not compensate users
Monetary Benefit From Network Utility

Today’s dominant
social networks provide functional utility to their users but reserve the monetary rewards
100%
of the network growth to themselves. Individual users’ networks, buying habits, and data are monetized
by centralized
social network platforms, but the users themselves do not receive a share of the monetary
75%
Investors
reward. User internet browsing history and interests are collected and sold to enable more accurate adtargeting 50%
for corporations, often involving consumer data of one company’s customers being sold to other
companies.
25%

Founders
In the life of a typical network, platform developers and investors add the most value in the initial stages by
0%
0
6
12
18
25 Years
building and
funding
the network. Over
the course of time,
as a network grows,
it’s the users that
contribute
For Illustrative Purposes
a larger portion of the utility.

Contribution to Network Utility
100%

Users

75%

50%

Investors
25%

Founders
0%

0

6

12

18

25 Years

For Illustrative Purposes

However, traditional centralized networks have directed the majority of the monetary value of network utility
to the founders and investors, whereas users receive none.

Monetary Benefit From Network Utility
100%

75%

Investors

50%

25%

0%

Founders
0

6

12

18

25 Years

For Illustrative Purposes

Contribution to Network Utility
100%

75%

50%

Users

8

Few tokens provide real utility
The crypto industry as it stands today has been flooded with numerous Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs)
promising to create self-described revolutionary products or services. Many ICOs have no product, service,
or development team -- simply an idea for a future business -- and are exclusively used as a capital raising
mechanism. Utility is commonly an afterthought for an overwhelming majority of tokens. Those that do
receive funding often struggle to define how their token will have any utility for their platform, product, or
service.
Such projects deceive investors and hinder progress for the industry, as projects providing actual utility will
be met with skepticism due to the large number of scams and hacks. If crypto is to be taken seriously and
progress as an industry, tokens must not only be a source of capital, they also need to provide real utility
and, ideally, be launched alongside a working version of the intended product or service. This utility-focused
approach will provide consumers the best opportunity to assess a project’s utility before committing their
networks, traits and behaviors, data or hard earned capital.

9

Huddl Platform
The Huddl platform is initially focused on bringing together consumers and financial service providers so
they can more easily and effectively form mutually beneficial relationships. Huddl is a two-tiered network -- a
social network, that in turn powers a robust investment network.

Social Network

Investment Network

Premium Investment Opportunities

Pooled
Assets

A typical user journey will involve these steps:
1. Discover: a new user is invited to the Huddl network by friends/family, or learns about Huddl
from a media campaign, event, etc.
2. Explore: the user signs on, shares their investment preferences, and explores the various
investment strategies (or “themes”) available on the network.
3. Unite: the user finds one or more investment strategies that appeal to them and invites friends,
family, and colleagues with shared interests to unite and form a dynamic investment pool (or
“pod”).
4. Invest: the pod finalizes investment pool rules, makes investment strategy selections, hires
highly-skilled financial professionals, and commits capital to investment style clusters.
5. Monitor: the pod oversees activities including manager and service provider selection,
performance, and quality reviews while governing the activities of the investment pool through
dynamic voting, polling, and open discussions.

10

Users
The Huddl social network is comprised of pods, clusters, and investments -- from smallest to largest groupings.
“Pods” are the smallest unit of measure in our network, and are comprised of family, friends, and extended
personal connections. “Clusters” can be comprised of multiple pods having shared interests in strategies,
and help to increase assets and purchasing power. “Investments” identify the general investment theme,
style or strategy such as “Active”, “Passive” or “Value”, to specific strategies such as “Private Equity” or
“Pre-IPO Stock.”
Individually, retail investors don’t have enough capital to be given the attention by high-quality investment
advisors or access to elite investment options and products. The Huddl platform aims to allow retail investors
to form pods that can pool their money together and use their collective buying power to obtain access
to these investment options. The platform streamlines the legal process of setting up these pods so that
users can focus solely on creating pods and gaining access to previously unavailable financial services
and products. Huddl takes care of all administrative responsibilities and legal obligations associated with
starting and maintaining the pod, allowing users to focus on the investment products and financial services
in which they are interested.
Investors can also utilize the Huddl platform to create their own pods with specific interests. These pods
could be as simple as a family jointly investing for retirement, to more sophisticated options involving a
group of people from across the globe coming together to request an investment product or strategy not
currently available on the Huddl platform. Individuals making greater contributions to the pods by serving
as pod managers, coordinators, etc. will be rewarded with Huddl tokens for their efforts in creating and
supporting the pod. Financial service providers on the platform with investment expertise in these areas can
then compete to provide services at competitive prices.
The end user benefits in several ways from the Huddl platform:
1. Community: Build an investing community with friends and families. The community becomes a
powerful support system where investors can share and discuss investment ideas and views.
2. Access: The mainstream investor can gain access to products and services typically reserved
for the wealthy (Hedge Funds, Pre-IPO Stock, Venture Capital, etc.).
3. Collective Learning: Investors can learn from each other and from the educational material
provided by the Huddl platform.
4. Collective Buying Power: Users have collective buying power to negotiate better pricing for
financial products and services, including wealth and asset management, financial and tax
planning, etc.
5. Collective Influence & Impact: Users can rally behind shared interests to shape the behavior
of institutions to improve social outcomes through collective proxy voting and investment policy
formation.
6. Monetary Rewards: We leverage the power of the blockchain and utility economics. The Huddl
platform is powered by the Huddl token, which is a recurring reward given to investors for
investing via the Huddl platform. The token rewards can help offset platform fees, and unlock
numerous premium features.

11

Ordinary investors can leverage the Huddl platform to compete with the financial elite by utilizing the
collective buying power of pods and clusters, while also learning from the resources provided by the platform
and from one another. Collective intelligence and investing eliminates a great deal of risk associated with
an individual investing on their own.

Providers
Providers of investment products and financial services can leverage the Huddl platform by utilizing the
unique investment experience of communicating directly with many investors at once. The Huddl platform
provides an open marketplace with these benefits for providers:
1. New source of assets: Huddl allows for many retail investors to invest in traditionally out-ofreach products, thereby increasing the potential amount of assets a financial service provider
may gather while, more importantly, supporting our shared-commitment to grow the percentage
of the global population saving for retirement and other financial goals.
2. Expanded opportunity for smaller providers: New or smaller providers lack the marketing
and distribution muscle of established providers and frequently struggle to get enough attention
or interest. The Huddl platform allows these providers to gain greater exposure. These firms
could even explicitly tailor products to pods or clusters on the Huddl platform through the pod
management/creation process.
3. Direct access to end investors: Traditionally, if an investor buys an exchange-traded fund
(ETF) or a mutual fund, there is no communication between the buyer and the fund creator
or sponsor; Huddl facilitates direct interaction between the two parties, removing a layer of
intermediaries. This “customer-discovery” model can yield new insights for the service provider
and allow them to more accurately tailor their products to their customer base. Firms can make
improvements by utilizing feedback on their investment products to attract even more investors.
4. Cost-efficient solutions: Servicing individual investors involves many costly layers from
operations to compliance, legal, risk, and marketing, all of which are fixed costs that cause
financial service providers to require an individual investor to be wealthy. Huddl solves this
problem through our efficient cluster technology allowing the provider to further extend their
reach and expand customer channels globally.
5. Secure and Compliant Communication: The pod creation process and direct communication
ability made available via our highly secure connection with the Symphony Platform
encourages a highly compliant and efficient marketplace for financial service providers to
directly interact with pools of investors.

12

Huddl Token
The Huddl token is an incentive and payment mechanism that monetizes the utility of the network. The token
can be earned by bringing value to the Huddl Platform through participation and engagement, whether
through sharing individual networks, traits and behaviors, data, and so on.
token provides an incentive mechanism such that every member of the community benefits from
“theThe
growth of the platform.
Key activities are rewarded with tokens in order to increase the overall value of the Huddl network. These
are described later on in the paper.
Huddl token is the preferred currency of the platform, and tokens can be held on-account or spent to receive
discounted products and services on the platform, and unlock numerous premium features. Users paying
platform fees with tokens will receive significant discounts compared to those paying with fiat currencies.
Further reduction in platform fees is possible by holding (depositing) tokens for longer periods. Holding
tokens on-account will entitle users to additional incentives.
Here, it is important to emphasize the following:
• Possession or ownership of Huddl Tokens carries no rights, express or implied, other than for
use on the Huddl Platform.
• Huddl Tokens do not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share or security or
equivalent rights, or any right to receive future revenue shares, profits, dividends, intellectual
property rights, or any other form of participation in or relating to iHuddl Inc or its corporate
affiliates or iHuddl Inc’s property, other than rights relating to participation on the Huddl
Platform.
• Huddl tokens do not constitute an offering of securities, they are not “security tokens” and users
should not expect any profits from the efforts of the company.
• Purchasing Huddl tokens provides access to the Huddl platform through which you can connect
with service providers and thereby make investments, however, simply purchasing Huddl tokens
themselves is not an investment, passive or otherwise.

13

Token Supply and Release Schedule
Initially, 100,000,000 tokens (10% of the total supply) will be released into the circulating supply. Thereafter,
tokens will be released on a quarterly frequency per the inflation rate schedule described later in this
section. The quarterly schedule continues until a total of 1,000,000,000 tokens are released. No further tokens
will be released once this total supply is reached.
The first quarterly release will introduce an additional 10% tokens to the initial supply. The inflation rate is
reduced by 4% of the previous quarter’s rate from there on.
Current quarter inflation rate = (1 - 0.04) x Previous quarter inflation rate
= 0.96 x Previous quarter inflation rate

Therefore, the inflation rate for the first few quarters will be 10.00%, 9.60%, 9.22%, 8.85%, 8.49%, and so on.
In token supply terms, an additional 10,000,000 tokens will be released in the first quarter, 10,560,000 in the
second quarter, 11,110,810 in the third quarter, 11,649,391 in the fourth quarter and so on.
The decreasing inflation rate is chosen for its similarity to the growth curve of a network - rapid growth is
experienced while the network is new, and the growth rate slows down as the network expands and is
adopted by the majority of the participants the network targets.
The decreasing inflation rate and its impact on token supply for 100 quarters (25 years) can be seen on
the charts below. The total supply of 1,000,000,000 tokens will be released in 72 quarters (18 years).

10%

1b

Token Supply

6%
500m
3%

Inflation Rate
100m

0%
0

8

16

24 Years

14

Token Distribution
The Huddl token distribution model aims to achieve an equitable distribution of network value. The long-term
goal is to incentivize all contributions that lead to overall platform growth by rewarding users, partners and
contributors with tokens. These rewards can in turn be utilized on the platform to pay for essential products
and services, reducing the overall costs and fees often involved in global finance and investing.
Released tokens are distributed into circulating supply among the following:
• Users: Users of the Huddl platform will receive tokens for their contributions on the social
and investment tiers of the Huddl platform. On the social tier, activities like referring friends,
exploring investment themes, contributing to conversations, forming and managing investment
pods, etc will be rewarded. On the investment tier, users will receive token rewards in
proportion to the capital they invest in various investment themes and their positive investing
habits.
• Contributors: Operating and growing a platform requires a variety of contributors who need
to be compensated for their efforts. Such compensation includes payments to project teams,
sponsors and partners, software developers, marketers, customer service providers, product
promoters, financial service providers, community builders, researchers, etc.
• Reserves: The reserves will be used for new initiatives to expand the Huddl platform. This
includes future development projects like new services/offerings on the platform, platform
expansion in new regions/countries, customer-acquisition, etc. The initial development of the
Huddl platform has been funded by founders and select equity investors. As the platform and
token gains traction, the reserves may also be used to compensate founders, equity investors,
and strategic partners.

“ A third of the tokens will be distributed to users in the initial release, and a larger share in every
quarterly release thereafter.

The Huddl token model recognizes the value users bring to the platform, and is committed to sharing the
monetary value with the users in a very transparent manner. At launch, the model will distribute the tokens
in three equal parts among users, contributors, and reserves, i.e. 33.33% each. As the platform matures and
achieves economies of scale, the share to contributors and reserves is reduced by 1% of previous quarter
distribution rate, and a larger share of the tokens is directed to users.
Current quarter share of contributors

= (1 - 0.01) * Previous quarter share
= 0.99 * Previous quarter share

Current quarter share of reserves

= Current quarter share of contributors

Current quarter share of users

= 1 - Current quarter share of contributors
- Current quarter share of reserves

15

To elaborate, in the first quarterly release, the share of contributors and reserves drops to 33.0% each, and
34.0% tokens are directed to users; in the second quarter, the share of contributors and reserves drops to
32.7% each, and 34.7% are directed to users, and so on. Following schedule reflects the share of tokens
distributed among users, contributors, and reserves over 100 quarters (25 years).

Token Distribution Schedule
100%

Reserves
Contributors

75%

50%

Users
25%

0%

0

6

12

18

25 Years

16

Roadmap
Founding Team formed

2018

Founder capital contributed
for MVP development
Advisory Board initiated
Business Plan completed

Huddl Business
Foundation Laid
Technical Spec completed
MVP “Financial Services”
development initiated
MVP financial and technology
partnerships secured
Crypto Wallet Provider secured

2019
Deploy Huddl Smart Contracts on Mainnet

Financial Services Partner
platform development

Huddl Technology
Foundation Laid

Financial Services Consumer App
Development

Marketing Partner secured

MVP “Financial Services” Phase 1
launch on iOS and Android

Huddl Branding completed
Referral Program and Marketing
Campaigns launched

Huddl Brand
Launched
Huddl Token Smart Contracts developed
Smart Contract Audit completed

Phased international rollout
Introduction of premium money
management services
Premium cluster management
features
Initiate “Consumer Services”
Development

Huddl Whitepaper published

Huddl Token Model
Developed

Web Version launch

17

Team
The Huddl team is passionate about democratizing quality financial products and services, and is equipped
with years of experience at some of the most respected financial firms in the world.

Stephen Corliss - Chief Executive Officer
Stephen serves as the Chief Executive Officer and overall financial and
strategy guru for Huddl. Stephen had a 30-year career at the most
prominent financial institutions in the world. He served as a Former
Executive at Blackrock & BGI/iShares. He held lead financial roles at UBS,
Bank of America Merrill Lynch and State Street. Recognized as a Finance
2.0 visionary, Stephen has led strategy at multiple blockchain firms over the
last 6 years.

Vishal Karir - Chief Investment Officer
Vishal serves as the Chief Investment Officer at Huddl. Vishal brings 17
years of investment and technology experience. Formerly, he was the
portfolio manager and quantitative investment researcher for multi-billion
dollar funds and model portfolios at Blackrock, the world’s largest asset
manager. Vishal also served in a lead technology role at Morgan Stanley
within their Prime Brokerage business.

Kurt Bierbower - Chief Business Officer
Kurt serves as the Chief Business Officer at Huddl. Prior to this role, Kurt spent
12 years advising C-suite executives at both Fortune 500 companies and
Government agencies at Deloitte Consulting, in the strategy and blockchain
practices. He is a serial entrepreneur, having founded and scaled two
startups, and authored growth playbooks for many others. Kurt served as a
venture capital consultant and startup advisor for the past 6 years.

Lance Weaver - Chief Advisor
Lance serves as the Chief Advisor for Huddl. Lance was formerly the
Chairman of Mastercard and has held advisory roles with Visa and
Citigroup. He served as the Chief Administrative Officer at MBNA, helping
grow the business to 35,000 employees, taking it public, and eventually
selling to Bank of America for $35B. Lance has also held executive roles at
Bank of America, Virgin Money Holdings, Wells Fargo, and Citibank.

18

Partners
AD:60
AD:60 develops robust digital solutions—from mobile apps to web platforms—
for everyone from startups to enterprise customers. AD:60 partners love the
entrepreneurial drive and ability to quickly understand and translate their needs
into scalable products. Since 2009, AD:60 has helped dozens of companies
create web and mobile apps that have lead to million-dollar businesses, raised
favorable capital rounds, and produced successful acquisitions from industryleading brands.

Alex Matjanec - Chief Technology Officer at AD:60
Alex serves as the Chief Technology Officer for Huddl. Alex brings over 14 years
of development and branding experience, having successfully delivered leading
fintech products for dozens of the largest brands in the world and most wellknown startups, including Northwestern Mutual, Stash Invest and Google Music.
Alex is the founder and CEO of AD:60, an award-winning design, branding, and
technology agency.

John Saltarelli - Vice President of Engineering at AD:60
John serves as the Vice President of Engineering for Huddl. John brings over
15 years of experience serving in executive technology roles. He currently runs
engineering at AD:60, having built dozens of award-winning fintech applications
for leading companies. Previously, John founded his own full-service software
development agency and operated his business for five years.

Foxtail Marketing
The marketing veterans at Foxtail serve as Huddl’s fully-integrated public
relations, branding, and marketing firm. Foxtail is an award-winning agency
who has successfully delivered campaigns for Fortune 500 clients, including
prominent financial and fintech clients. Foxtail has executed over 100 ICO
campaigns over the past two years for notable blockchain companies.

19

Marketing Plan and Approach
Huddl has partnered with Foxtail Marketing, an award-winning, fully-integrated public relations, branding,
and marketing firm, to deliver a robust, sustained marketing campaign to attract traditional finance, fintech,
and blockchain audiences.
We will leverage the following channels to reach target audiences and convert customers:
• Referral Campaign: Exploding (timed) referral campaign to attract customers and build social
media channels. Founding customers will be rewarded through tokens.
• Public Relations: Mainstream financial PR and Blockchain PR.
• Champion Program: Fintech and Blockchain champion program.
• Experiential: Major conference presence and speaking engagements.
• Partnerships-Based Acquisition: Cross-marketing and customer acquisition through built-in
partner audiences (Financial Institutions, Blockchain Firms, etc.).
• Content: Professionally-authored content pieces, promotional videos, and targeted live
interviews.
• Social Media: Organic, viral campaigns, and built-in audiences. Active communities and
incentives to join our channels.

20

Access Granted
Huddl’s mission is to channel the collective aspirations, networks, and buying power of the general public
such that every individual derives the maximum monetary and functional benefit from their consumption and
investing activities.
To accomplish this mission, the initial focus of the Huddl platform and token is to incentivize collaboration
among individual investors and financial service providers and to break the barriers that have historically
existed in the space.
Individuals pool their assets together, which allows them to access asset classes, investment opportunities
and financial services that have historically been available only to the wealthy. Pooling assets increases
buying power and allows users to negotiate better pricing for financial products and services.
Financial service providers benefit as the market for their services expands to mainstream investors. New
or smaller providers lacking the marketing and distribution muscle of established providers, can compete
on the Huddl platform. All financial service providers get direct access to end investors, thereby removing
a layer of intermediaries.

21

Disclosures
Risks
The following are the key risk factors in relation to iHuddl Inc business, in general, and Huddl token in
particular:
• iHuddl Inc is developing a complex platform and its public launch may be delayed due to
unforeseen development barriers.
• Allowing collective access to investment products and financial services through the Huddl
platform is subject to applicable regulation, in particular - the applicable financial markets
regulation that may require iHuddl Inc to obtain relevant approvals.
• The plans outlined in this white paper may be altered as our technology and platform matures.
• The Huddl token is a utility token designed for specific use solely on the Huddl Platform and is
non-transferrable for an exchange of monetary value directly between users and iHuddl Inc, as
the Huddl token is only a payment mechanism acceptable for platform services.
• Any off-platform value of the token may be significantly influenced by blockchain and crypto
market trends or other non-Huddl related events.
• Cryptocurrency and Tokens are a digital representation of value that functions as a voucher,
medium of exchange, a unit of account, or a store of value, but they do not have legal tender
status. Cryptocurrencies are sometimes exchanged for U.S. dollars or other currencies around
the world, but they are not currently backed nor supported by any government or central bank.
Their value is completely derived by market forces of supply and demand, and thus are more
volatile than traditional financial assets or currencies.
• Trading in cryptocurrencies comes with significant risks, including volatile market price swings
or flash crashes, market manipulation, and cybersecurity risks. In addition, cryptocurrency
markets and exchanges are not regulated with the same controls or customer protections
available in equity, option, futures, or foreign exchange investing.
• Cryptocurrency trading requires knowledge of cryptocurrency markets. Cryptocurrency trading
can lead to severe financial losses.
• Under certain market conditions, it may be difficult or impossible to immediately liquidate a
position at a fair or reasonable price. For more information see the, CFPB’s Consumer Advisory,
CFTC’s Customer Advisory, SEC’s Investor Alert, and FINRA’s Investor Alert.
• Use of Huddl tokens may be governed by certain unforeseen government regulations and laws.
• The ownership of Huddl tokens may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that may
reduce their benefits.
• Blockchain wallets, smart contracts and crypto exchanges have been known to come under
malicious attacks by hackers and other parties resulting in theft of tokens. Such events may
inflict significant losses on token holders and the company.

22

Terms
This document has been prepared by iHuddl Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Huddl”), who has taken
reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated therein are true to the best of their knowledge, information
and belief.
THE COMPANY IS NOT ACTING AND CANNOT ACT AS YOUR ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO ANY FINANCIAL,
LEGAL, INVESTMENT OR TAX MATTERS. ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY IS FOR GENERAL
INFORMATION ONLY, AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING WHETHER OR NOT TO USE
THE SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SERVICE MAY BE SUBJECT TO EXPORT RESTRICTIONS AND
ECONOMIC SANCTIONS IMPOSED BY U.S. LAW.
The information contained in this document is subject to revision. It does not purport to contain all the
information that a prospective customer, partner or interested party may require and the Company does not
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information.
These materials may contain forward-looking statements and may include, for example, business plans and
strategies, projects under development, competitive position, growth opportunities, management’s plans
and objectives and predictions of future operating results, and other matters relating to the Companies.
These forward-looking statements include matters that are not historical facts and speak only as of the date
of the Presentation. No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward-looking
statements.
The forward-looking information contained herein is based upon certain assumptions, intentions, beliefs or
expectations about future events or conditions and is intended only to illustrate hypothetical results under
those assumptions (not all of which will be specified herein). Actual events or conditions or results may differ
materially from, those assumed. In addition, not all relevant events or conditions may have been considered
in developing such assumptions. Accordingly, actual results may vary and the variations may be material
and adverse. The Companies and its advisers are under no obligation, and do not intend, to release
publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances and unanticipated
events occurring after the date of this Presentation.
The information in this Presentation is presented as is without any representation, warranty or other assurance,
express or implied, as to its accuracy or sufficiency, and contains only preliminary partial information and
is not intended as an offer or recommendation to buy, sell or call on any security or investment and to the
fullest extent permitted by law no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Companies or its directors,
officers, partners, employees, agents, advisers, affiliates, representatives or any other person for any such
information or opinions or for any errors, omissions, misstatements, negligence or otherwise for any other
communication written or otherwise or for any loss, cost or damage suffered or incurred howsoever arising,
directly or indirectly, from any use of this Presentation or its contents otherwise in connection with the subject
matter of this Presentation or any transaction.

23

Recipients of this presentation should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal requirements
in their jurisdictions. Accordingly, such recipients represent that they are able to receive this presentation
without contravention of any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions in jurisdiction in which they reside or
conduct business.

Restrictions on Use of Materials
By accessing this material or website, you agree that you may not (i) copy, reproduce, republish, upload,
post, transmit, alter, or distribute in any way any of this material in any manner inconsistent with the purposes
for which it is offered by iHuddl Inc, (ii) without the prior written consent of iHuddl Inc, copy, modify, or
display the logos of iHuddl Inc and, or any text, graphic images, or other content from this material or
website, (iii) redeliver any of the pages, text, images, or other content of this material or website without
the prior written consent of iHuddl Inc,(iv) include “iHuddl Inc,” “Huddl,” “iHuddl,” the name of any of their
respective personnel, or any variation of any of the foregoing, as a metatag, hidden textual element, or any
other indicator that may create a false or misleading impression of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement
between any user and/or website and iHuddl Inc, (v) upload, e-mail, or otherwise transmit any material that
contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that might interrupt, limit or interfere with
the functionality of any computer software or hardware or file communications equipment that is owned,
leased, or used by iHuddl Inc, or (vi) create a link to this website unless and until the user or the operator
of the other website has executed a standard agreement with iHuddl Inc for the granting of permission to
establish such a link.

Limitation of Liability
The materials in this document, or on this website, are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind
either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, iHuddl Inc., its
affiliates, board, advisors and employees, and The Third Party Partners disclaim all warranties, expressed
or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose. iHuddl Inc do not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or
error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free
of viruses or other harmful components. iHuddl Inc does not warrant or make any representations regarding
the use or the results of the use of the materials on this website in terms of their correctness, accuracy,
reliability, or otherwise. In no event shall iHuddl Inc be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, or
punitive damages or injury or loss, including, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits, benefits, use or
data that may result from any performance, failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion,
defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or worm, communications line failure, theft or
destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of information, resulting from the use of or access
to this website.

24

Privacy Online
We may place cookies and similar files on your hard drive for purposes such as security, to facilitate site
navigation, and to personalize your experience on our site. Our cookies do not identify you by name as
an individual or by account number. When you visit our sites, we may collect technical and navigational
information, such as computer browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time
spent on our websites. This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility
issues, or it may be analyzed to improve our Web design and functionality. We may use third-party service
providers to help us analyze certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us
measure the performance of our online advertising campaigns or analyze visitor activity on our websites.
We may permit these service providers to use cookies and other technologies to perform these services for
iHuddl Inc.
All information and data within this document is as of February 22, 2019.

Disclaimer: This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any digital assets. The paper represents the current version of the
platform (Minimum Viable Product - MVP) and future work in progress, and illustrates the intent of iHuddl Inc to develop, launch
and market certain products and services. These products and services are built on new technologies, and the plans may
be altered as the platform matures to meet evolving consumer demands, markets, technological advances, and government
regulations.

