Rex

White Paper Executive Summary
A Decentralized Global Multiple Listing Service and Real Estate Smart
Contract Application

July 21, 2016

Prepared by Rex

Rex: We are referring to the platform, Rex
REX: We are referring to the token, REX
To submit questions/comments please contact:
support@rexmls.com
www.rexmls.com
For additional details, please read the Rex white paper.
About Us
Rex is pioneering the real estate industry using the Ethereum Virtual Machine.
Rex’s goal is to democratize real estate information and establish a new process
to transact real estate. Using Ethereum and IPFS/Swarm, Rex will provide a
cheap, reliable means for listing and transacting real estate worldwide.

Team
Stephen King
Stephen is an entrepreneur with a focus in commercial real estate and blockchain
technology. Since 2013, Stephen has lead King Realty in Princeton, New Jersey
and participated in over forty-five million dollars in real estate transactions.
Stephen is the founder of Princeton Ethereum Meetup.
Russell McLernon
Russell is the technology strategist. He brings over 15 years of experience in
enterprise software development and over 7 years in blockchain related
development and projects. Although acutely technical, he has an innate ability to
quickly decipher user needs. There's no software development or integration
challenge he can't handle.
Executive Summary
Traditionally, obtaining reliable property information and conducting efficient
real estate transactions has been difficult. Today, with the advances in
technology, data has become much easier to ascertain. However, the data has
become controlled, manipulated, and governed by centralized organizations
resulting in exorbitant transaction and listing fees. Additionally, the transaction
process can take 6-12 months and cost tens of thousands of dollars. With recent
advances in data distribution and blockchain technology, Rex recognizes the
opportunity to streamline the transaction process and provide an inexpensive
means to disseminate real estate information. The result will be low transaction
costs and a means for users to virtually obtain property information for free.
Detailed Summary
Rex will roll out in two phases: Phase I (a decentralized, global Multiple Listing
Service “MLS”) and Phase II (the implementation of smart contracts for real
estate related transactions).
Background for two phase release:
The protocols being developed by the Ethereum Foundation, IPFS, and Swarm
are new technologies. Like any new technology, it will take time for the
infrastructure and mainstream audience to develop. We see the progression
much like that of Netflix:
Reed Hastings built Netflix with the idea of streamlining the way consumers view
content. Using Hastings’ platform, consumers could rent a video online to avoid
the inconveniences associated with traditional retail rentals (time, travel, and late
fees). The value of Netflix was created through the maturity of digital technology

and the comfort of paying/obtaining content via the internet. Netflix capitalized
on both opportunities, but remained patient through the transition period.
Today, Netflix is becoming one of the largest content providers in the world.
Rex envisions that blockchain technology will take a similar path. The technology
requires time to evolve and the consumer requires trust in the system.
Phase I
In Phase I, Rex will begin to tell the story of each property. Rex is building a
decentralized, global multiple listing service. Users can virtually view/list
properties for free, while becoming comfortable with cryptographic transactions.
The accumulation of data/public transactions will begin to prepare the platform
for Phase II.
Phase II
In Phase II Rex will tell the entire story of each property. Over time, Rex will
provide a comprehensible history of each individual parcel. Rex will implement
the use of smart contracts through escrow, title, and identity services, while
simultaneously compiling the data in an easy to read, traceable format.
Addressable Market
In the United States, the commercial real estate industry is valued at 15 trillion
and the residential industry at approximately 24 trillion. Unlike traditional MLS’
that charge excessive annual subscription fees and title agencies that drain most
transactions, Rex will operate autonomously and fund itself through its internal
exchange. The result will be a decentralized platform where users can virtually
list/view real estate data for free. Rex will then implement the use of smart
contracts capitalizing on the full potential of the addressable market.
REXDEX (Rex’s internal decentralized exchange. Please see the Rex
white paper for additional details)
Initial Coin Distribution
Rex will have an initial coin supply of zero. In order to facilitate a fair means of
distribution, there will be three ways users can obtain REX.
1. Place buy orders on the REXDEX, hope to win the Liquidity Injection
Distribution rewards (L.I.D.) (1), or have someone take your offer
2. Participate in the REX crowdfund
3. Start submitting listings as a registered broker/user and receive listing
rewards (for a limited time)

(1) Liquidity injection distribution: The process we invented in which the top
10 bidders on the RexDex (price * duration) are rewarded every six hours
with up to 35,000 newly issued REX.
Rewards
Initially, the RexToken contract will allow the creators to issue rewards based on
evidence of listings. Registered listees will be eligible for a 100 REX reward for
each valid listing they list in the system with a bonus reward of 500 REX if it is
listed exclusively and that is proven after a month or two. The reward will issued
30 – 60 days following the post.
Rex will provide an auto reward for "verified" listees with a one-month payment
delay. If they are found to be listing fake/abusive listings, the verified listee
profile will be flagged and their pending reward disqualified.
By doing automated rewards Rex can keep issuing rewards up to 1,000,000
listings a year. At which point, Rex would be issuing 100,000,000 REX per year
or 10% of the total (1,000,000 * 100). At this point, the reward system would be
adjusted in order to scale demand.
Eventually the reward system will be scaled down to zero.
Investment Rewards
Rex will escrow 5,000,000 REX into a smart contract that will be released to
crowdsale participants following the beta release of the platform.
Fund Raising Goal
Initially, we will hold two major crowdfunding campaigns. The first (and the
purpose of this proposal) is to take the prototype to beta. The development team’s
outline is as follows:
1. Bootstrap development, create a functional product and a detailed
white paper and begin promotion at real estate/block chain
conferences (completed)
2. Fundraising Campaign #1: Create a functional beta for mainstream
testing i.e. the real estate community. We estimate a six-nine month
time frame with a budget of $350,000. A large focus will be on the
user experience in order to attract a mainstream audience.
3. Fund Raising Campaign #2: Following the release/testing of beta,
Rex will raise a second fundraising Campaign. Campaign #2 will be
a larger round to fund the full development of the Rex platform.

Timeline

Month 1: Continue development/add to the core development team
Month 2 - 4: Development, design, legal
Month 4 - 6: Marketing
Month 6-7: Beta release
Month 8-9: Campaign #2.
Use of Funds
1.
2.
3.
4.

Development/Design
Legal
Marketing
Travel (promotion)

Sources
1. https://www.census.gov/construction/nrs/pdf/newressales.pdf
2. http://www.forbes.com/sites/groupthink/2014/12/16/why-commercialreal-estate-is-ripe-for-disruption-in-2015/#4f858f67529e
3. https://www.census.gov/const/uspriceann.pdf

