The Whitepaper
V9
Token Issuer

Infinitus Technologies Pte Ltd

Token Ticker

INF

Token Name

Infinitus Token

Project Name
Sponsor Name
Public Sale

Infinitus
Venture Capital Network Pte Ltd
Estimated end July 2018

This whitepaper is not endorsed by any government authority. It is only available on
www.infinitustoken.io and may not be redistributed, reproduced or passed on to any other
person or published, in part or in whole, for any purpose, without the prior written consent
of Infinitus Technologies Pte Ltd. This whitepaper, in full or part, must not be taken or
transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this whitepaper is
prohibited or restricted. Persons into whose possession this whitepaper may come are
required to inform themselves about and to observe any relevant legal or regulatory
restrictions and seek all necessary professional advice. By accessing this whitepaper, you
agree to be bound by this requirement.

2018

1

About this document

This document is provided for your information only. Participants are advised to
read this document carefully in full and perform due diligence. INF Token is a
Utility Token, designed for accessing the INF platform and mobile application
only. It is not intended to be a regulated financial product of any kind. Participants
comprehend and fully accept the fact that INF Tokens are not securities under
any circumstance hence the INF Tokens are not to be considered an investment
or financial product of any kind.
Unforeseen circumstances might not allow the completion of the project in whole
or partially. Acquiring and storing INF Tokens involves various risks, in particular
that infinitus.io may not be able to launch its operations and develop its
blockchain platform due to risks associated with regulation for ICOs and
blockchain-based applications. These are mostly unregulated by governments in
various jurisdictions at present. An active secondary market may not developed
for the use and resale of the INF Token Therefore the purchase and use of INF
Token should not be done for speculative usage.
Participants should carefully consider the risks, costs, and benefits of acquiring
INF Token and, if necessary, obtain independent advice in this regard. The sale
of INF Token is final and non-refundable. Risks associated with new technology
and cryptocurrency tokens in general are a relatively new and untested
technology. Due to this nature, technology-related unforeseen events may occur
at any time. Participants comprehend and fully accept all types of related risks
involved.
In such case, any person undertaking to acquire INF Tokens acknowledge and
understand that neither infinitus.io nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for
any direct or indirect loss or damages caused by such changes and that project
parameters, dates, specifications provided as well as other details technical or not
could be subject to change without prior notice.
It is important to read all relevant documents and obtain advice before making
any decision to purchase the Infinitus Tokens. The sale of INF Tokens is not
available in all jurisdictions and to all purchasers.
Infinitus has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in this
document are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no
other facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement in the
document, whether of facts or opinion.

2018

2

Contents
1.

Abstract
1.1.

1.

4

The Problem

5

Solution Overview

6

1.1

INFINITUS (INF) – Smart Designation Repository

6

1.2

How does it work?

6

1.3

User Journey

7

2.4 The Smart Designation System
2.

8

Technical Unveiling of Infinitus

9

3.1

Infinitus Solution Architecture Overview

10

3.2

Distributed Application Layer (DAPPs)

12

3.3

Infinitus Network

12

3.4

Infinitus’ Smart Contract

12

3.5

Infinitus Solution layer

13

3.6

FSDLT Network

13

3.7

Atomizer Engine (segmentation) & Bit-Swap (transformation)

13

3.8

Mobile Application layer

14

4.

The Infinitus Token

15

4.1 Infinitus Token Allocation

15

4.2 Infinitus Use of Contribution

16

4.3 Infinitus Token Summary

17

4.4 Infinitus Project Summary

18

4.5 Infinitus Token Sale Summary

21

5.

The Team

23

5.1 The Management Team

23

5.2 The Advisory Team

25

6.

Corporate Governance

27

6.1 Management Conduct of its Affairs

27

7

The Roadmap

29

8

Connect with Infinitus

33

9

Disclaimer

34

10

Legal

35

2018

3

1. Abstract

Ever since the advent of Blockchain in 2008, cryptocurrencies have gained popularity and they are
being used by millions of people around the world as a mean of exchange. Being an excellent
attribute to store value, these virtual currencies are backed by cryptography that aims to be
unbreakable and are supported by various communities. As a result, risks have emerged that if
the private keys are lost or if the cryptocurrency owner passes away, this digital fortune will be lost
forever. Our aim is to provide a solution to mitigate these risks with an innovative consumer
technology that is universal, user-friendly, decentralized and cost effective.

2018

4

1.1. The Problem

An online research conducted by the INF team found that the possibility of losing one’s wallet or
private key is a major concern and has indeed happened to many individuals. This happens as
users typically rely on unsecured key storage methods such as; writing the key on a piece of paper
or keeping them in digital forms, such as Microsoft Office files stored in hard disks or USB drives.
These methods are perishable, not fail-safe and are susceptible to the possibility of losing one’s
key.
“It is very easy to lose crypto” says Martin Davidson, co-founder of Blockchain Centre. He also
added that it is impossible to retrieve the lost key as the mathematics involved and the strength of
the cryptographic system is what makes crypto so safe.
In the unfortunate event of a lost key, financial losses can be total and devastating. Therefore,
prevention is imperative as there is “no cure.”
All crypto users should take the necessary measures to safeguard their cryptocurrencies, coins
and tokens. That is the core belief of our team. When the ideas and plans emerged, INF was born.
We aim to transform the inevitable, challenge the irrevocable and provide an alternative to the
traditional by leveraging on the blockchain technology, for the blockchain community. Our objective
is to build a smart designated repository to store private keys and password securely, for all cryptowallet users using Ethereum Smart Contract, File System DLT and the IPFS protocol.
The INF Token is not positioned as a substitute product to replace the traditional or the hardware
method that the crypto-wallet users are accustomed to, but rather, it is a complementary product
that seeks to provide the crypto-community with an alternative option. Solving a blockchain
problem with a blockchain solution.

2018

5

1. Solution Overview
1.1 INFINITUS (INF) – Smart Designation Repository

INF is a blockchain-based storage application that allows users to encrypt and store a variety of
alphanumeric data on a decentralized network. The user data is securely stored on a peer-to-peer
network (IPFS) which also ensures that it is only accessible to the designated recipient upon a
predetermined inactivity trigger.
Examples of user data that can be stored in our secured environment are: passwords, wallet files,
private keys, JSON files, UTC files, keystore files, mnemonic phrases, recovery seeds and even
short text messages.

1.2 How does it work?
INF is a Decentralised Application (DApp). The INF mobile app acts as an interface between the
user and the backend blockchain technology. The INF mobile app may be downloaded from the
Google Play Store or the Apple App Store from June 2018 onwards. The user sets up the “Smart
Designation Repository” with INF Token acting as a “key”. User then defines a pre-set inactivity
period based on the INF mobile app for example, 30days or 90-days. When the INF mobile app
recognize an inactivity, the INF Ethereum Smart Contract is triggered, and the private data will be
automatically gathered and transfer it back to the named designated receiver.
Once the private data is entered onto the INF platform, the data will be fragmented, replicated,
encrypted, and distributed across the decentralized network via FSDLT Peer-to-Peer Protocol. The
decentralized network of nodes are made up of organizations or individuals that are using INF's
repository services. Files stored are encrypted with AES1024- a military grade, a state-of-the-art
encryption program.
The INF Ethereum Smart Contract and FSDHT network are linked by the AURA blockchain
infrastructure which also conduct the verification of pre-set inactivity through the mobile app.
The risk of single point failure is eliminated with local encryption and fragmentation of data with
FSDLT, over the decentralized network. Each network node contains only bits of the fragmented
and encrypted data which does not carry any significance on its own. This ensures the security of
information and data on the INF network.

2018

6

1.3 User Journey

User Journey
Jack is a newbie cryptocurrency user.
He has a Coinbase account and a IM Token mobile wallet.
We reckon Jack has quite a bit of Bitcoin in his wallet.

Jack purchased some INF Tokens during the INF presale. He downloads the INF Mobile App from
Google Play and the tokens were delivered directly
into his INF app

1
Jack uses 1 INF Token to set up
his SmartDes Repository

INF recommends
users to always have a physical
hardcopy backup of their data.

2
Jack keys in his Private Key. Next he sets a 90 days inactivity
trigger on the INF mobile app. Lastly, he names his wife Jane as
the receiver.

users to store their private key in
parts using multiple repositories.
a minimum 90 days inactivity
period on the INF mobile app

3
Jack’s private data is then Fragmented,
Encrypted and Distributed for storage in
all the peer to peer nodes in the
decentralized network.

2018

4

7

2.4 The Smart Designation System

The SmartDes System

Store & Retrieve Protocol VS Store & Transfer Protocol

Needs an INF ERC20 Token as a key to activate
the SmartDes Repository to store data.

Needs an Account and Password to store and
retrieve data.

Information stored across a decentralized
network. Eliminated third-party risk and “single
point failure:.

Information is typically stored as a whole file
on a centralized server. A potentially fallible
“single point failure”.

The data is fragmented, encrypted and
distributed into all the peer-to peer nodes.

User must have the password to retrieve data.
Retrieval and transfer of data must be done by
the account holder manually.

A pre-set event will trigger the Smart Contract to
transfer the data to a named recipient.

Typical Cloud Storage

INF Smart Designation Repository System operates on a Store & Transfer Protocol which is in
contrast to the traditional Cloud Storage System; that utilizes a Store & Retrieve Protocol. The key
distinction lies in the ability of the Smart Contract to detect a triggered event (such as a period of
inactivity on the INF mobile or a user’s social media account) and automatically transfers the
user’s digital information to a designated recipient thus behaving like a “Smart Will” or a “Smart
Transfer of Wealth”
Infinitus is in the process of building up a user base and a community surrounding the project.
In the near future, INF plans to expand its application to other areas relating to Generational Wealth
Protection and Smart Will when the Store & Transfer Protocol has been widely adopted by the
community.

2018

8

2. Technical Unveiling of Infinitus

Technical Architecture

11

Built on the Best- in- Class Blockchain Technology Applications

INFINITUS MOBILE APP

INFINITUS TOKEN
INF Token acts as a “key” to
activate the Repository.
1 Token for 1 Repository

INF Mobile App is the interface
where the user can
1. Key in private data
2. Set inactivity period on INF
mobile app
3. Activate the SmartDes
Repository using the INF
Tokens

Private data is Fragmented,
Encrypted and Distributed on a
Decentralized Network.

Kupat Tahu Presentation

12

Built on ETHEREUM
Smart Contract

Activated by INFINITUS
ERC20 Token
Linked by AURA Perpetual
Digital Economy Platform
for Distributed Systems
and Dapps

SmartDes
Repository

Encrypted with AES1024
Secure Military Grade
Encryption

Distributed through
the DHT Network via
an atomizer

Tracked & Verified
through the INFINITUS
MOBILE APP

2018

9

3.1 Infinitus Solution Architecture Overview

Infinitus solution, built on the FSDLT (File System Distributed Ledger Technology) network &
AURA blockchain , consists of three layers: Mobile Application layer, Infinitus Solution layer and
Distributed Application (DAPPs) layer. Diagram below shows the architecture of solution.
AURA blockchain consist of an array of technological layers and protocols. It uses distributed
storage and the key innovations are the SHOUT protocol and the FSDLT layer. Each FSDLT
block is structured as a file which contains all the necessary components such as the filenames
and attributes. Each file and the content within has a unique fingerprint called the cryptographic
hash which ensures no duplication across the network and ensures immutability.
The block is stored using IPFS on network nodes. Parallel chaining, FSDLT allows multiple
transactions to be processed from a single node. Each node only stores the transactions it has
participated in. The SHOUT protocol distributes the transaction information through the mDHT
network. It also helps other nodes locate the necessary information required to complete
transactions.
Each transaction needs to pass through a customizable business logic layer similar to a smart
contract. Every transaction can be found by human readable file names that use a naming
system called IPNS (InterPlanetary Name Service), part of the IPFS framework.

2018

10

The file is separated into 1024 pieces signed with unique X.509 certification and is sent on a
FSDLT network by UDP protocol storing in an AURA blockchain, which consists of a number of
client’s smartphones and Internet of Thing (IOT) devices. Using parallel block processing of
FSDLT network, time-saving transactions are processed.
Every user has a unique X.509 private key for role identification. For the time being, each user
connects to blockchain will be act as peers. If someone sends file to blockchain, file is encrypted
and separated into 1024 pieces of segmented data sending to other peers. At last, when Infinites’
smart contract is activated by user’s pre-defined situation, user can retrieve file by combing 1024
pieces of fragmented data to whole file and decrypting it with a X.509 private key.

2018

11

3.2 Distributed Application Layer (DAPPs)

Distributed application layer is a permissioned ledger, meaning it is a ledger accessible (for
reading and writing) by known and pre-approved parties. The Distributed Ledger in the Infinitus
solution consists of two subcomponents: Infinitus Network and Infinitus Smart Contract.

3.3 Infinitus Network

Infinitus network is user pools sharing its 1G disk space divided into odd/even groups. While
receiving segmented data from other peers, FSDLT will sort data based on its size, and sending
segmented data to odd/even user pools automatically by FSDHT algorithm.
mDHT (mainline Distributed Hash Table) network is the name given to the (DHT) used by
BitTorrent clients to find peers. AURA is using this peer to peer SHA-3 protocol for distributed
node connections. mDHT is a proven stable network.

3.4 Infinitus’ Smart Contract

Infinitus’ smart contract provides same integrity and transparency guarantees found in shared
ledgers. The smart contract ensures uniqueness of mutually exclusive events and maintains the
state of the ledger data. It also serves as assured notification mechanism. Any state change of
data or contracts must be notified and must have the assurance that it will be made aware that
the state changed has occurred.

2018

12

3.5 Infinitus Solution layer

Infinitus solution layer provides an ultimate solution for parties. It consists of two components:
FSDLT network, connecting peers to share disk space, and ATOMIZER & RE-ATOMIZE Engine,
generating shredded files.

3.6 FSDLT Network

While completion of installing Infinitus APPs and registering INF wallet to start Infinitus’ services,
it will connect to the FSDLT network by SHOUT protocol, a time-effective UTP protocol,
meanwhile, its 1G disk space will be shares to other peers of smartphones and IOT devices.
Simple Heuristic Object UDP Transfer protocol (SHOUT). It is an innovative and efficient protocol
for nodal communications between all nodes at once in the AURA platform. It broadcast the
transaction request across the network and implements the POR consensus algorithm. It is a
lightweight mass connectivity protocol.

3.7 Atomizer Engine (segmentation) & Bit-Swap (transformation)
The functionality of atomizer engine is to divide file into 1024 pieces of data before sending to
other peers through FSDLT network.
The Re-Atomizer Engine, on the other hand, will do the inverse process when user attempts to
get a whole file from the FSDLT network.
Bit-swap is an exchange component of IPFS (InterPlanetary File System), which is responsible
for connecting network, sending data and broadcasting notifications.
IPFS (Inter-Planetary File System) is the peer to peer hypermedia protocol for efficient file
storage. Essentially, each file and all of the blocks within it are given a unique fingerprint called a
cryptographic hash. Each network node stores only content it is interested in, and some indexing
information that helps figure out who is storing what.
While successfully sending 1024 pieces of segmented data through Bit-swap, mobile application
layer will receive a message stream to certificate a service.

2018

13

3.8 Mobile Application layer
Applications are participant-specific configurations and integrations user interface, providing a
variety of features, such as role identification, storing & retrieving private data, customizing own
services.
Both IOS and android provide a build-in network connection technology, an API-based library, for
role identification, data encryption signed with one-time X.509 certification, and separating data
into 1024 pieces in competitive performance.
For activating Infinitus contract, both IOS and android are using IFTTT to work with its social
media applications such as Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat to deliver file.

2018

14

4. The Infinitus Token
The total supply of INF Token is 100 million, generated through the Ethereum Smart Contract
System. Each INF Token has the same value and functionality. INF Tokens are non-minable, nondivisible and non-cumulative. INF Tokens are required in 1 whole for INF's intended function – to
activate the INF Repository. One INF Token “opens” one INF SmartDes Repository
Through the sale of INF Tokens, the INF team aims to raise funds for further research and
development (R&D) and improving the basic functions of INF. We have planned for ongoing
marketing campaigns in the post-ICO phase to maximize awareness and valuation of the INF
Tokens. The funds raised will also be used for establishing a global marketing team and a technical
team to work on the project and to facilitate listings on exchanges for liquidity.

4.1 Infinitus Token Allocation
Eighty percent of the INF Tokens (80 million INF Tokens) will be allocated to the community while
10% is allocated for the Infinitus Mobile App Native Freemium Token. The remaining 10 percent
will be allocated to the INF initiators and development team for the technology, resources and effort
they have given towards the initial development of INF.
A Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) derives its utility and value from network effects: The
greater the number of users, the more valuable the technology. We hope to distribute 80 percent
of the INF Tokens to all our supporters and build up our blockchain community & make INF a
must-have app for every crypto-wallet user.
Eventually, 100 percent of the INF Tokens will be allocated to the community for INF to turn into a
complete open source project as intended.

2018

15

Token Allocation Table
Details of Allocation of Tokens

Number of Tokens

Number of Tokens sold to private
purchasers during Token Pre-Sale
Number of Tokens available for sale
during the Token ICO Crowd Sale
Number of Tokens for Mobile App
Freemium Native Token for use
Number of Tokens allocated to
founders, team and advisors
Number of Tokens used for early
marketing (including airdrops and
bounty programs)
100 million Tokens

45 million Tokens

No. of Tokens to be
allocated (%)
45%

30 million Tokens

30%

10 million Tokens

10%

10 million Tokens

10%

5 million Tokens

5%

100%

4.2 Infinitus Use of Contribution

Technology
24% will be allocated for
infrastructure development,
tech support, function and
security enhancement

Operations
19% will be allocated for
operations, administration,
financial and legal consultancy.

24%
19%

47%

Marketing
47% will be used for online marketing
campaign (pre & post ICO), seminars
and public relations events and
community building activities.

10%

Development

18

10% will be allocated to Infinitus and our
advisors for research and development,
strategic planning and project support
.

Use of Contributions

2018

16

4.3 Infinitus Token Summary
The following is provided for summary purposes only and does not form a part of any agreement
to the purchase of the Infinitus Tokens.
Seller

Infinitus Technologies Pte. Ltd (“INF”)
Private Company Limited by shares
Incorporated and registered in Singapore on 18th December 2017
Company registration number: 201736321C
Registered Office: 50 Raffles Place #37-00 Singapore Land
Tower
Singapore 048623

Website:

www.infinitustoken.io

Token Name:

Infinitus Token

Token Type:

Utility Token ( ERC20)

Ticker:

INF

Project Name:

Infinitus ( INF)

Project summary:

Infinitus (INF) is a blockchain based decentralized application
which allows its users to store encrypted digital data on a
decentralized network and transfer his private data to a
designated receiver upon a predetermined triggered event.
INF is launching an initial token sale for its utility token, the
Infinitus Token (“ INF”) is intended for the use and functions of
INF mobile app, INF platform and its peer- to peer network.

Private Sale period:
Total supply of Tokens:

15th February 2018 0000hrs ( Singapore Time UTC +8) to
15th July 2018 2359hrs
100,000,000

INF Mobile App Native
Freemium Token Reserve
Private Sale Round:

10,000,000

Public Sale Round:

30,000,000

Community Airdrop and
Bounty:

5,000,000

Management Reserve:

10,000,000

Unsold Tokens:

Reserved for future development

Minimum sale target
(soft cap):
Maximum sale target:
(hard cap)

USD 2,500,000

45,000,000

USD 20,000,000

2018

17

Tokens for Sale for ICO
Round:
Token Price:

30,000,000 INF for 15,000 ETH

Accepted payment methods

ETH transferred to the digital address specified on the INF
Website, payable at the applicable ETH price determined by INF
and specified at the time of purchase.

1 INF = 0.0005 ETH or
1 ETH = 2000 INF
Exclusive of any transaction fees or costs.
INF Tokens must be purchased as 1 unit. No decimals allowed.
Minimum purchase amount in public sale is 0.5ETH

INF will ONLY publish the Token Sale Account or Address on its
website at www.infinitustoken.io.
Further Token Sales

There will not be another Token Generation Event (TGE). INF will
use the unsold Tokens for future development.

Countries not allowed for
participation

Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Bosnia and Herzegovina,
Congo, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Iran, Iraq, Lybia, Serbia, Somalia, South
Sudan, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Syria, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia,
Vanuatu and Yemen and any citizens of a GBX’s list of banned
countries.

Involvement in other Token
Sales

INF has not issued any other tokens prior to this Whitepaper.

4.4 Infinitus Project Summary
2018

18

Project Name:

Infinitus ( INF)

Website:

www.infinitustoken.io

Project summary:

Infinitus (INF) is a blockchain based decentralized application
which allows its user to store encrypted digital data on a
decentralized network and transfer his private data to a
designated receiver upon a predetermined triggered event.
INF is launching an initial token sale for its utility token, the
Infinitus Token (“ INF”) is intended for the use and functions of
INF mobile app, INF platform and its peer- to peer network.

Directors and Management

INF confirms that none its directors or shareholders have been
the subject of, or involved in, any of the following:
(a) unspent convictions in relation to indictable offences;
(b) bankruptcies, receiverships, liquidations, administrations,
voluntary arrangements
of such person or of any company or partnership where such
person was a director with an executive function or partner at the
time of or within the 12 months preceding such events;
(c) any official public incrimination and/or sanctions of such
person by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated
professional bodies); or
(d) disqualified by a court from acting as a director of a company
or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any
company.
None of INF or any of it directors are involved in any current or
threatened legal disputes that may affect INF or the status of the
Project.
Xanne Leo , CEO has no further information to disclose.

Shareholders

Eric Song Yann Yunn Co-founder
Xanne Leo Sen Yun Co-founder

Advisers, Partners and
Third Party Service
Providers

The compensation arrangements for each of those parties are as
follows:
(a) 5 Strategy advisors: Offered INF Tokens with a 30 days
vesting Period.
(b) Legal advisors: fiat currency payments based on work
performed.
(c) Auditors: fiat currency payments based on work performed.
(d) Marketing Partners: fiat currency based on work performed.
INF confirms that there is no affiliation, conflict of interest or
related party transactions with its management team and
directors.

2018

19

Project Development
Reporting

INF will provide formal updates about the progress of the Project
on a quarterly basis via the INF website, official INF Telegram
Announcement Channel and the INF mobile app

Project Timeline and
Roadmap:

Please refer to The Roadmap in Section 7 of the Whitepaper.

Project Use of Contributions
for Development

Please refer to Use of Contributions in Section 4 of the
Whitepaper

Intra-group Service
Arrangements:

All technology and platform are developed and operated by
inhouse team. No formal third party service arrangements have
been made. The platform uses many other open sourced software
and technology readily available in the marketplace.

Material Resources:

INF has not filed for any IP rights and patents.

Additional Information:

No additional information

2018

20

4.5 Infinitus Token Sale Summary
The following is provided for summary purposes only and does not form a part of any agreement
to the purchase of the Infinitus Tokens. All purchasers shoud be aware that a secondary market
for INF Tokens may not necessarily develop.

Token Sale Instructions
Website:

www.infinitustoken.io
Purchasers must follow the instructions provided on the Website
to purchase INF Tokens for the ICO launch on GBX Grid Platform.

Private Sale Period:

15th February 2018 0000hrs ( Singapore Time UTC +8) to
15th July 2018 2359hrs

Public Sale Period:

Targeted on 3rd week of July 2018

Total supply of Tokens:

100,000,000

Total Tokens for Sale:

75,000,000

Private Sale Round:

45,000,000

Public Sale Round:

30,000,000

Unsold Tokens:

Reserved for future development

Tokens for Sale for ICO
Round:
Token Price for ICO Round:

30,000,000 INF for 15,000 ETH

Minimum Purchase
Amount:
Accepted payment methods

0.5 ETH or 1000 INF

1 INF = 0.0005 ETH or
1 ETH = 2000 INF
Exclusive of any transaction fees or costs.
INF Tokens must be purchased as 1 unit. No decimals allowed.

ETH transferred to the digital address specified on the INF
Website, payable at the applicable ETH price determined by INF
and specified at the time of purchase.
INF will ONLY publish the Token Sale Account or Address on its
website at www.infinitustoken.io.

Further Token Sales

There will not be another Token Generation Event (TGE). INF will
use the unsold Tokens for future development.

Authorised Token Sales
Communication Channel”

The only communication channels authorised by INF for the
purposes of the Token Sale are:
Website: www.infinitustoken.io
Email: support@infinitustoken.io
Telegram: https://t.me/infinitustoken_ANN

2018

21

Token Lock-Up Period

Pre-Sale INF Tokens has a lock up period of 30days from the
Date of Exchange Listing. In the event of multiple exchange
listings, it shall be counted from the 1st Exchange Listing Date.
Public Sale INF Tokens does not have any lock up period.

Private Sale Terms

45,000,000 INF tokens are allocated for Private Sale.
There are no Bonus Tokens given for Private Sale.
Certain discount may be applicable depending on the quantity
purchased.
Please contact support@infinitustoken.io for more details.

Declaration

Infinitus has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts
stated in this document are true and accurate in all material
respects, and that there no other facts that the omission of which
would make misleading any statement in the document, whether
of facts or opinion. INF accepts responsibility accordingly.

2018

22

5. The Team
5.1 The Management Team
We have the best experts in our team, driven by our passion to help crypto-currency enthusiasts
avoid any form of loss caused by the loss of passwords or private keys.

Xanne Leo - Co-founder CEO
Xanne has 16 years of experience in the financial service industry in South East Asia. She
specializes in corporate advisory and deal sourcing for cross border M&A and business growth.
Her healthcare startup was one of the Top 5 finalists on Channel News Asia Startup Season 3
that was aired across Asia in 2016. She brings invaluable insights and leadership to the team in
the consumer technology space.

Eric Song - Co-founder Strategic Adviser
Eric has been an equities and futures trader for over 20 years. He started his early career in
proprietary trading firms and progressed to manage substantial portfolios in a billion-dollar hedge
fund with global macro strategy. "We are seeing an emergence of a new asset class, blockchain
technology and crypto currency will soon reach mass adoption stage."

Moshe Schlisser - President
Moshe is the Managing Partner of Iberica Investments which oversees many PE and VC projects.
He’s also the director of Todos Medical Ltd. since February 27, 2016. Mr. Schlisser currently also
serves as a director at SmartGreen Ltd, Tantel Group Ltd and III Pte Ltd. Mr. Schlisser is a General
Partner at Shefa Capital Ltd a Growth Venture Fund with a focus on mid to later stage deep
technology investments. Mr. Schlisser held managerial positions in various investment firms and
has experience with investments, structured finance and mergers and acquisitions.

Teresa Tan – Chief Operations Officer
Teresa possesses an extensive experience in project management. She has an engineering
background and carries expertise in management of oil and gas upstream projects. Subsequently,
she headed sales for the APEC region.
Teresa’s years of experiences gained in management of multimillion dollar projects has helped her
develop the expertise for on- time delivery through the effective management of critical timelines
and resources.

2018

23

Marcus Yuen- Chief Technology Officer
Since 2007, Marcus runs an outfit of programmers and service staff out from HK that provides a
service to various financial intermediaries and institutions and private trading firms. Relationships
are forged with external vendors and various stock exchanges to provide for hi-frequency trading
with the exchanges. His range of expertise includes carefully customizing each entities
requirements and striking partnerships for the long term.

Simon Lee – Chief Financial Controller
Simon is the co-founder of Corporate House Group and an Equity Partner of Corporate House &
Partners LLP. He is an Associate of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators and
he has extensive experience in corporate secretarial practice and advisory services, in Singapore,
Hong Kong and Malaysia.

Dr. Ting Shang Ping – Algorithm Cryptotrading and Liquidity Provider
Dr. Ting has over a decade of experience in the financial technology and AI space. Dr. Ting
founded the proprietary trading company, Anderson Sigma and created his own low latency Algotrading platform, SNAP. He built a successful career as a proprietary trader at electronic market
maker Nyenburgh Holdings and established a partnership with Ferrell Asset Management on a
market neutral robo-trading fund targeted to provide consistent returns with minimal volatility.
He also formerly served as a software engineer at the Defence Science & Technology Agency
(“DSTA”), where he developed artificial intelligence software for the Singapore Armed Forces’
advanced combat simulator.

Jose Escudero – Strategy and Marketing Officer
Jose, with more than 18 years of professional experience in management consulting and corporate
finance helping worldwide corporations, organisations and governments to develop real value
added strategies oriented to achieve successful next generation developments.
Jose has been member of different Boards of Directors and Direction Committees of many
companies in different industries. He has been also working as an independent expert for the
leading investment banking and private equity firms like Goldman Sachs, HIG-Havard Investment
Group, Advent, etc.

Claire Tan - Public Relations
Claire has broad experience in investment advisory and wealth management. Her area of expertise
includes business development in the asset management field. She was a senior investment
advisor in a family office and a relationship manager in a reputable private bank.

2018

24

Leo Liu- Platform Technology
Leo has been in the Programming space for the last 15 years. Familiar with various programming
languages like Java, C#, Pascal, C++, Andriod, Flash, ActionScript to name a few. Became aware
and interested in the crypto and blockchain space for the last year. His range of expertise includes
the ability to provide market data and build bridges to different platforms linking financial institutions
and proprietary trading firms with various exchange.

5.2 The Advisory Team

Ronald Aai
Blockchain Technology Adviser
Ronald is a serial entrepreneur in the new world technology for the last 25 years. He had
successfully built several internet business. In his early career and has been developing new
technologies for telco systems, IOT solutions, blockchain technology, social media, payment,
mobile wallets and mobile applications. Ronald has several IP filed under his name for mobile
software development.
Quek Li Fei – Legal Adviser
Legal advisor on blockchain, cryptocurrency and ICOs. In addition to Li Fei’s experience in acting
for banks on varied transactions and in general corporate law, he also helps individuals in estate
planning, including the legal aspects of wealth management, advising on and setting up trusts and
off-shore structures to secure their future and the future of their families.
He is also actively involved in advising on legal aspects of distributed ledger
technology/blockchain, cryptocurrency; ICOs (initial coin offerings), including legal and regulatory
compliance. Li Fei heads the CNP’s Banking and Finance as well as Private Clients teams.

Annetta Li Jiaman
Market Adviser (China & ASEAN)
A visual communication branding veteran. Annetta has more than 10 years of experience in
brand planning, marketing and event management across the 10 ASEAN countries. She had led
the planning and completion of numerous One Belt One Road projects in Asia building bridges
for the domestic Chinese companies and foreign customers.
The key organiser for the Silk Road International Film Festival - ASEAN Film Week, ChinaASEAN Cultural Capacity (Movies) Co-operation Seminar and co-organizer for Malaysia ECommerce Exhibition. In the blockchain space, Annetta had organised a 2000pax public
relations event for “Influence Chain” and opening ceremony for “EasyChain” in Singapore in
2018.

2018

25

Paul Teo
Business Adviser (Malaysia)
Paul is a serial entrepreneur and founder of the Mixed Martial Arts Gym, Muay Fit Malaysia. He
brings an invaluable 25 years of experience from the health, hotel and telco industry to the
emerging ICO world and is currently an advisor to several crypto start-up ventures in South East
Asia.

Rupertus Rothenhaeuser
Market Adviser (Germany)
Ruptus has served nearly 30 years in Investment Banking and Derivative Markets. Starting as an
Options&Futures Market Maker in 1990, he quickly became one of the driving forces in the
Structured Products arena . He spend many years for BZW in London, BNP Paribas in Paris and
ABN AMRO in Hong Kong covering Trading and Sales & Marketing to Financial Institutions. Most
recently, he spend over 5 years working for the Stuttgart Stock Exchange as Head of Global
Sales and Data.

2018

26

6. Corporate Governance
6.1 Management Conduct of its Affairs
Principle: Key management personnel are to provide leadership, vision, competency and
accountability to lead and grow the company.
a) Providing entrepreneurial leadership, set strategic directions and overall corporate
policies of Infinitus (INF);
b) Ensuring the adequacy of internal controls, risk management and periodic reviews of the
INF’s technical performance and growth;
c) Setting INF’s values and standards, ensuring that the necessary human resources are in
place; and
d) Assuming responsibility for good corporate governance practices.
The 2 Directors- Xanne Leo and Teresa Tan will take extreme care in adopting top security
measures, with the use of multi-sig wallets and cold storage to ensure contributions are handled
safely. These measures are also regularly reviewed by the Management Team. We would
consider to explore the use of custodian account, escrow services and third party security
storage as and when the cryptocurrency market services matures and diversify.

6.2 Advisers Conduct of its Affair
Principle: There should be a cohesive and collaborative element on the Adviser’s Board. Each
adviser is to offer in-depth and extensive knowledge and technical know-how in their area of
expertise to the INF management team for the benefit of the INF platform and all its
stakeholders.

Each Adviser has been appointed on the strength of his calibre, experience, grasp of corporate
strategy and potential to contribute to the company and its businesses. Every Adviser brings
valuable insights from different perspectives vital to the strategic interests of the company as
they possess the necessary competencies to provide the Management Team with a diverse and
objective perspective on issues so as to lead, govern and grow the company effectively.

2018

27

6.3 Management & Advisers- The Infinitus Team
Principle: There should be a clear division of roles and responsibilities which will ensure a
balance of power, authority, perspective and competency.
INF adopts a dual leadership structure whereby there is a distinct division of roles and
responsibilities between the 2 INF Co-founders- Xanne Leo, CEO heading the Management
Team and Eric Song, Strategic Adviser Head, leading the Adviser Board. This structure provides
the company with a balanced industry market outlook that is current and relevant by combining
the specialised knowledge, expert opinion or localized market know-how and experiences of the
2 groups together.

Xanne Leo, Chief Executive Officer with Teresa Tan, Chief Operations Officer has overall
responsibility of INF’s operations, organisational effectiveness and implementation of all policies
and decisions.
As Strategic Adviser Head, Eric Song is responsible for ensuring Adviser’s Board effectiveness
and conduct, as well as strategic development of INF. We have appointed 5 Advisers, veterans
in their respective fields to support, guide and advise the team.

All Management Team and Advisers fulfill a pivotal role in corporate accountability. Together, the
INF Team as a whole has unbiased and independent views, advice and judgement to take care
of the interests of INF, our stakeholders, and the various communities in which the INF mobile
app serves.
The Management Team and the Adviser Board shall collectively and regularly review and
improve INF’s business and operational activities to identify areas of significant business risks as
well as taking appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. The team shall review
all significant control policies and procedures to ensure proper governance.

2018

28

7 The Roadmap
Phase 1- The Team and Platform Functions
Q4 2017

Conceptualization
§ A blockchain based solution for all crypto-wallet users
Business
§ Pre-seed Round- INF takes off with a pre-seed round raised
from reputable VCs in Hong Kong, Singapore and Israel.
Product Research & Development
§ INF validates the need of the blockchain community
§ Online Research on market need and competitive analysis.
Management Team
INF rounds up the year with a talented and dedicated team joining the
management.
Co-founders forming the core team with CTO,. COO, CMO, CFO.

Q1 2018

Business
§ Legal Matters
§ Presale- INF engage in pre-sale events across Asia and
Europe.
§ Participating in Major Blockchain conferences and event
around the world
§ Hong Kong INF Token Presale Private Event at Quarry Bay,
Hong Kong in March 2018
§ Kuala Lumpur INF Token Presale Private Event at KLCC,
Malaysia in March 2018
§ Singapore INF Token Presale Private Event at Centennial
Tower and Intercontinental Hotel Singapore, February to
March 2018
§ Singapore INF Token Official Pre-ICO Preview at MBS
Singapore
§ Please refer to our website for more details about the private
events.
Product Research & Development
§ INF Mobile App is being developed
§ Mobile app basic user functions for UI/UX
Advisory Board
§ Announcing INF’s Advisory board
§ Adding new Market Advisers as we progress into different
jurisdictions.

Q2 2018

Business
§ Online Marketing Campaigns and events
§ Marketplace KYC for Token Sale
§ Panel Speaker for the Global Inclusive Blockchain Conference
at SUSS, Singapore , April 2018

2018

29

§

§
§

Competition Participation- INF is announced as the winner of
Blockshow for Blockchain without summit at Consensus Week
2018, Manhattan NYC, May 2018
Community building & management- Telegram, Twitter,
Github and various major forums
Please refer to our website for more details about the events

Token Generation Event
§ Token Contract Creation
§ Smart Contract Security Audit
Product Research & Development
INF to launch its mobile application MVP version 1.0§ on iOS and Android platform,
§ with whitelisting and login functions,
§ press release announcement and
§ INF e-wallet to receive airdrop & bounty

2018

30

Phase 2- Blockchain Functions and Mobile App Development
Q3 2018

Business
§ Explore & expand B2B partnership possibilities with other
dApps store and applications.
§ Marketing and Promotion of the INF mobile app downloads
to the crypto community in Asia and Europe.
§ Education and collaborations with Blockchain academic
symposiums to widen blockchain adoption on the market
place.
§ Keynote Speaker for London Fintech Week, London July
2018
§ Panel Speaker for Block Asia Conference Singapore, July
2018
§ Keynote Speaker for World Blockchain Summit , Korea,
September 2018
Token Generation Event
§ Token Distribution to the users
Product Research & Development
Blockchain functions
§ Develop Blockchain Functions, decentralised network,
develop Data Encryption Protocol & Dapp active tracking.
Enhancing functions of the mobile applications
§ push notification, news update for better engagement.
Testing, Feedbacks & Improvements
§ UAT, stress test & performance test.
§ Finalized security scanning tools which is utilized by
investment banks on similar platforms.
§ Collect and analyse user feedback from the App/Play store

Q4 2018

Business
§ Marketing Campaign in Europe and Asia
§ Events and seminars to promote the INF mobile app
downloads
§ Online marketing and local communities building activities
§ Organize educational symposiums for blockchain applications
§ Collaboration and tied-ups with other dApps
§ Speaker for Dubai Blockchain Conference October 2018
Product Research & Development
INF Alpha version MVP product- Mobile App version 2.0:
§ to be launched on October 2018 with
§ Refined UI & layout & Enhanced security features
INF Beta version 2.0 product- INF Web Platform
§ to be launched on December 2019:
Mobile application version 2.1
§ Enhanced storage and performance and security.
§ Improve data processing speed and efficiency

2018

31

Phase 3- Beta Product and Technological Enhancements
Q1 2019

Business
§ Marketing Campaign in Europe and Asia
§ Events and seminars to promote the INF mobile app
downloads
§ Online marketing and local communities building activities
§ Organize educational symposiums for blockchain applications
§ Collaboration and tied-ups with other dApps
Product Research & Development
§ Enhance Data Encryption
§ Explore Smart Contract veto functions
§ Validate recipient identity verification function
§ Enhance Dapp social media APIs integration.
§ Explore options to reset passwords and trigger alerts

Q2 2019

Business
§ Marketing Campaign in US & Latin America
§ Events and Seminar to promote the INF mobile app
§ Online marketing and local community building activities
Product Research & Development
§ Explore multi-platform Smart Contract
§ Release responsive website version of the front end to extend
coverage for utilize function for INF Token.
§ Security functions and enhancements

Q3 2019

Product Research & Development
§ Enhancements on web version
§ Explore cross chains abilities
§ Extend mobile app features and functions

2018

32

8 Connect with Infinitus
Please refer to these official communication channels for updates and news from us
1)
2)
3)
4)

Website- www.infinitustoken.io
INF Telegram Chat – http://t.me/infinitustoken
Telegram Official Announcement Channel- t.me/infinitustoken_ANN
Twitter @ infinitustoken
https://twitter.com/InfinitusToken
5) Github Account- https://github.com/InfinitusToken
6) Medium: https://medium.com/infinitustoken
7) Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/infinitustoken/

2018

33

9 Disclaimer
The only rights granted in respect of the INF Tokens are to hold, transfer and use the INF Tokens in
respect of the platform, protocol or network that INF Issuer is developing or operating.
INF Tokens do not have any other rights, use, purpose, value, attributes, functionalities or features,
whether expressed or implied. The INF Tokens are not intended to be redeemed, purchased or
otherwise transacted for profit. All purchaser and holders of the Token will not receive any profit, income,
return or other benefit purely by virtue of holding the INF Token.
Tokens are not to be understood, deemed, interpreted or construed to be or to be representative of any
kind of:
(a) currency, legal tender, money or deposit, whether fiat or otherwise, nor any substitute for such
currency, legal tender, money or deposit;
(b) investment (whether secured or unsecured), equity interest, proprietary interest, economic right
(including any kind of right to payment, income, dividend, return, profit, or other return, or any sums
to be paid, or likely to be paid, out of such), share or similar interest in or claim against any person,
asset, entity, organization, scheme, venture or project;
(c) equity, debt or hybrid instrument, security, collective investment scheme, managed fund, financial
derivative, futures contract, deposit, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment contract,
note, bond, warrant, certificate or instrument entitling the holder to interest, dividends or any kind
of return, nor any other financial instrument;
(d) right, title, interest or benefit whatsoever in whole or in part, in any person or property, or any assets
whatsoever; or
(e) any commodity that is regulated under applicable law or which any person is obliged to redeem or
purchase.
INF Tokens are not guaranteed or secured by any person, asset, entity, organisation, scheme, venture
or project, including the Issuer, in any way. The Issuer is under no obligation to issue replacement
Tokens in the event that any INF Token or private key is lost, stolen, malfunctioning, destroyed or
otherwise inaccessible for any reason. Neither the Issuer nor any other person is obliged to redeem or
purchase the INF Tokens at any time.
Token Issuance are mostly unregulated by governments in various jurisdictions at present therefore
the issuance of INF Tokens may be suspended or cancelled at any time due to unforeseen
circumstances. All Tokens Purchase are final and non-refundable.
Token purchasers will receive official notices and updates quarterly from the Issuer via the Infinitus
Mobile App.
The Terms and Conditions is governed by the law of the Republic of Singapore.
Please refer to www.infinitustoken.io for more details.

2018

34

10 Legal
This Whitepaper has not been registered under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) or under
any Securities Exchange and applicable securities laws in Singapore. This Whitepaper has not
been examined or approved by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) or the Accounting
and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”); Should any Parties be unclear about this
Whitepaper or any of the terms of this Whitepaper or have any doubt as to this Whitepaper or any
of its terms of this Whitepaper or have any doubt as to this Whitepaper or any of its terms, the
Parties (or Party) are advised to seek legal, financial, tax or other professional advise before
proceeding with the Token Purchase.
INF are not securities or units in a collective investment scheme or business trust, each as
defined under Singapore’s Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (“SFA”). Accordingly, the SFA
does not apply to the offer and sale of INF. For the avoidance of doubt, this initial offering of INF
need not be accompanied by any prospectus or profile statement and no prospectus or profile
statement needs to be lodged with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”).
This Whitepaper does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to purchase, INF in any
jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful. No regulatory authority in Singapore,
including the MAS, has reviewed or approved or disapproved of INF of this Whitepaper. This
Whitepaper and any part hereof may not be distributed or otherwise disseminated in any
jurisdiction where offering tokens in the manner set out this Whitepaper is regulated or
prohibited.
The information in this Whitepaper is current only as of the date on the cover hereof. For any
time after the cover date of this Whitepaper, the information, including information concerning
INFINITUS TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD.’s (“Infinitus”) business operations and financial
condition may have changed. Neither the delivery of this Whitepaper nor any sale made in the
related initial token offering shall, under any circumstances, constitute a representation that no
such changes have occurred.
Whether taken as a whole or read in part, this Whitepaper is not, and should not be regarded as,
any form of legal, financial, tax, or other professional advice. You should seek independent
professional advice before making your own decision as to whether or not to purchase any INF
Tokens. You are responsible for any and all evaluations, assessments, and decisions you make
in relation to purchasing INF. Tokens You may request for additional information from Infinitus in
relation to this offer of INF. Infinitus may, but is not obliged to, disclose such information
depending on whether (i) it is legal to do so and (ii) the requested information is reasonably
necessary to verify the information contained in this Whitepaper.
INF are intended for use on the InfinitusToken.io network and the INF mobile application
(“Infinitustoken.io”) for purposes of accessing the INF “vault services”, and Infinitus warrants that
INF Tokens are fit for this service stated in the Whiepaper. Upon purchasing any INF, you will be
deemed to have reviewed this Whitepaper (and any information you may have requested and
obtained from Infinitus) in full and to have agreed to the terms of this offering of INF, including to
the fact that this offering does not fall within the scope of any securities laws in Singapore and is
not regulated by the MAS. You further acknowledge and agree that INF are not securities and

2018

35

are not meant to generate any form of investment return. Persons considering acquiring INF are
responsible for conducting their own due diligence on Infinitus and INF, and should ensure that
they understand and are able to bear the risks of purchasing INF.
Infinitustoken.io, INF mobile app, and any related services provided by Infinitus are provided on
an “as is” and “as available” basis. Infinitus does not grant any warranties or make any
representation, express or implied or otherwise, as to the accessibility, quality, suitability,
accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of Infinitustoken.io, INF, or any related services provided
by Infinitus, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors, delays, or omissions in, or for any
action taken in reliance on, Infinitustoken.io, INF, and any related services Infinitus may provide.
No warranty, including the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title,
merchantability, satisfactory quality, or fitness for a particular purpose, is given in conjunction
with Infinitus. io, INF mobile app, and any related services provided by Infinitus.
Regulatory Risks
The regulation of utility tokens such as INF is still in a very nascent stage of development in
Singapore. A high degree of uncertainty as to how tokens and token-related activities are to be
treated exists. The applicable legal and regulatory framework may change subsequent to the
date of issuance of this White Paper. Such change may be very rapid and it is not possible to
anticipate with any degree of certainty the nature of such regulatory evolution. Infinitus does not
in any way represent that the regulatory status of INF will remain unaffected by any regulatory
changes that arise at any point in time before, during, and after this offering.
No Regulatory Supervision
None of Infinitus or its affiliates is currently regulated or subject to the supervision of any
regulatory body in Singapore.. The INF Tokens have not been approved, disapproved or
recommended by the Securities Authority or any other regulatory authority in any jurisdiction.
No Fiduciary Duties Owed As Infinitus is not a regulated financial institution, it does not owe
holders of INF any fiduciary duties. This means that Infinitus has no legal obligation to always act
in good faith in the best interests of holders of INF. While Infinitus will have regard to the interests
of holders of INF, it is also permitted to consider the interests of other key stakeholders and to
prefer these interests over the interests of INF holders. This may mean that Infinitus is permitted
to make decisions that conflict with, or are not necessarily in, the interests of INF holders. Not
owing any fiduciary duties to holders of INF also means that holders of INF may have limited
rights of recourse against Infinitus and its affiliates in the event of disputes.
NF Token Holders acknowledge and agree that your decision to purchase, hold, and / or use the
Tokens is based solely on the right to potentially use the Tokens for the Services (as defined in
the Whitepaper) on the INF Platform and not on for any expectation of financial gain because of
the fluctuations in the value of the Tokens.

2018

36

Tax Risks
The tax characterisation of INF is unclear. Accordingly, the tax treatment to which they will be
subject is uncertain. All persons who wish to purchase INF should seek independent tax advice
and legal advise prior to deciding whether to purchase any INF. Infinitus does not make any
representation as to whether any tax consequences may arise from purchasing or holding INF.
Risks from Third Parties
INF Tokens are blockchain- based utility tokens. The security, transferability, storage, and
accessibility of blockchain utility tokens depends on factors outside of Infinitus’s control, such as
the security, stability, and suitability of the underlying blockchain and its ecosystem. Infinitus
does not represent or otherwise assure that it can prevent such external factors from having any
direct or indirect adverse impact on any INF Tokens and the INF platform. The risks associated
with building a project dependent on unproven third-party technology (Aura) which is still underdevelopment. Any development and tests conducted on alternative platforms such as EOS and
Bluezelle are still in its initial stage and may be subjected to change. In the worst case scenario,
private data stored on the INF network nodes may potentially be lost or destroyed due to third
party platforms and blockchains unsuccessful deployments or executions and/or any other
affiliated technology malfunctions and failures which are beyond INF’s control and management.
Persons intending to purchase INF Tokens should note that adverse events caused by such
external factors may results in the loss of some or all INF Tokens purchased. Such loss may be
irreversible. Infinitus is not responsible for taking steps to retrieve this loss.
Risks in Purchasing INF
Infinitus cannot and does not guarantee or otherwise assure that there are no risks in relation to
your purchase of INF. The purchase of INF may, depending on the manner in which the relevant
purchase is effected, involve third parties or external platforms (e.g., wallets). The involvement of
such parties or platforms may introduce risks that would not otherwise be present, such as
misconduct or fraud by the third party, or your failure to receive INF upon duly making payment
because of a third-party wallet’s incompatibility with INF. Infinitus is not responsible for any risks
arising due to the involvement of third parties, including the risk of not receiving (or subsequently
losing) any or all INF you attempt to (or successfully) purchase.

2018

37

Important Notices
The Whitepaper has been drafted in accordance with the GBX Token Sale Rules. The GBX
Market is not a ‘regulated market’ as defined under the Directive on Markets in Financial
Instruments 2004/39/EC. GBX Limited is not responsible for the content or accuracy of the
Whitepaper or the conduct of the Token Sale in any way, and that neither Admission nor the
approval of the Whitepaper pursuant to the Token Sale Rules constitutes a warranty or
representation by GBX Limited as to the competence of the Applicant, its service providers or
any other party connected with the Project, the Token or the Token Sale, the adequacy of
information contained in the Whitepaper or the suitability of the Project or the Token for any
purpose. GBX Limited will not be liable for any false, inaccurate, inappropriate or incomplete
information contained in the Whitepaper.
Consents have been obtained from persons who have provided any reports or statements which
are included in the Whitepaper or on which statements in the Whitepaper are based. The Issuer
is a new entity and has no operating history

2018

38

