IntelliShare Foundation
2018.01.12

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

The Eco-business Environment
constructed by IntelliShare
will change
the everyone‘s way to use the Internet
and lead to a new shared-era.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Contents
Team Preface
Overview of Current Internet Development
Turn to the mobile Internet
Internet tree structure
Limitation

Direction of Mesh Network Development
Features of Mesh Network

Blockchain Technology Creates Value Ecology of Mesh Network
Traditional Internet Business Ecology
Mesh Network Business Ecology
About IntelliShare

Technical Theory of Blockchain and Mesh Network
Blockchain technology combined with Mesh network theory
Ecological Structure of IntelliShare
Underlying Environment of IntelliShare
Data layer, value layer, contract layer, and structure

IntelliShare Mesh
About IntelliShare Mesh
Node of IntelliShare Mesh
Application Scenario of IntelliShare Mesh
Full Coverage
IntelliShare Mesh of Everything（IoE）

Distribution Plan of IntelliShare Token (INE)
Digital Asset Distribution
Distribution Plan
Unlock Plan
Issue details
Application experience and benefits

IntelliShare Fund Council
IntelliShare Foundation

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Board Institute
Board Team

Team Introduction
IntelliShare Core Team
IntelliShare Senior Advisors team

Risk Warning and Disclaimer
Contact Information
References

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Team Preface

Once, the desires and demands for high-speed delivery of information promote the
modern Internet emergence.

Now, the desires and demands for more direct convenience of communication will
soon catalyze the rise of the next Internet age -GMN(Global Mesh Network).

This is the trend of our times

When BlockChain technologies fuse into Mesh Network ,
Where Value locked in Each Mesh Network Node.

This is the opportunities given by our times

In this tide of trends, capturing the sail of chances, we are altogether to
witness the arrival of this great era !

------- IntelliShare Team

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Overview of Current Internet Development
The Internet has transformed this blue planet into a global village. Although only a short period
of two decades, the Internet has undergone several stages of development. At this stage, the
biggest change is as follows:

Turn to the mobile Internet
Nowadays, the development of Internet has not been able to meet the needs of users in many
aspects, and it faces a series of problems in the implementation of many communication layers
and application scenarios. For example, poor security leads to difficulty in management and
limited functions when facing unpredictable situation. The current Internet structure has not
been able to adapt to or even hinder the further development of Internet applications. This is
mainly due to the fact that the current Internet environment and the Initial design of the Internet
have appeared to be very different. The main form of Internet has shifted from the traditional
Internet to the mobile Internet. The emergence of mobile terminals has not just resulted in a
tremendous increase in the number of users and the bandwidth of the Internet. But more
importantly, the emergence of new networks, computing technologies, new business applications
and business models has put forward new demands for the Internet.

Internet tree structure
The Internet communication platform built on the basis of physical structures such as optical
fibers and cables is a world-wide huge computer network composed of various types and scales
of independently operated and managed computer networks based on common protocols. It is a
common set of information resources and shared resources. The computer networks that make
up Internet include small-scale (LAN), city-scale (MAN), large-scale (WAN) and etc. These
networks connect universities, companies, research institutes, military and government
organizations in different countries through lines such as ordinary telephone lines, high-speed
dedicated lines, satellites, microwaves, fiber optic cables and etc.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

-------

Limitation
However, the limitation of the tree-like graphics transmission requires that when nodes in two

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

different-sized LANS or MANS need to establish interactions to form information interaction, they
must first transmit information to the local area network, regional network, or wide area network.
The central server is then transmitted from the physical layer architecture that connects the
different central servers to the other end. The information received by the central server in the
other zone reacts to the nodes you want to conduct.

Therefore, the straight-ended problem of the central server network is that a large amount of
bandwidth resources will be wasted between the transmission of various servers, and the load
rate of the servers will increase, which will affect the use efficiency and lead to the waste of
social resources. At the same time, the central server network stores data collectively through
servers and data centers, making the data vulnerable to attacks. On the basis of more and more
attention to network security, different components of the service depend on each other in the
application which is based on a central server network. Failure of one component will cause
excessive damage to the entire system, and the fault tolerance system is low.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Direction of Mesh Network Development
However, the Mesh network has emerged. Distributed node composition allows us to have
different thoughts for the construction of the network.

In a wireless mesh network, a mesh-type jump based on Ad-Hoc(point-to-point) technology can
realize the idea that any mobile terminal device node acts as an AP (ACCESS POINT) and router at
the same time. Each node in the network can send and receive signals, and each node can
directly communicate with one or more peer nodes. If the flow is too large and a relay node is
congested, the data can be automatically rerouted to a neighboring node with a relatively small
flow to transmit it. By analogy, the data packet can continue to be routed to the next nearest
node for transmission according to the network flow until it reaches the final destination, greatly
reducing the waste of bandwidth. Each node is independent of each other and does not need to
store and transmit data through the central server, thereby reducing the risk of network security
caused by servers-attack.

Features of Mesh Network
Its characteristics can be simply summarized as:

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Self-organization
For a Mesh node joined into Mesh network, the only thing you need to do is to take out the Mesh
device and turn on the power. Then, this node will “recognize” the other same type Mesh devices
and connect each other automatically.
Moreover, users can also add more nodes to enhance wireless network signals and their
coverage.

Comprehensiveness
Not only can it be used in places where most of the wired networks can be used, such as
companies, campuses, hotels, hospitals, and etc., but also it can be used in places where is hard
to reach with wired networks, such as large warehouses, port terminals, military exercise sites,
islands, mountains, emergency communications and other application scenarios.

Expandability
The Mesh network is expandable. The signal can automatically select the best path to transit

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

from one user to another, eventually reaching the purpose of signal expansion and enlargement,
increasing its network coverage.

Safety Repair
Mesh network performs more robustly than normal network because it relies not just on the
performance of a single node. In a traditional network, if a problem occurs in a node during
transmission, the entire network system may fail to work. If one major node fails, the entire
network may collapse. But in Mesh network, because its node design has multiple transmission
routes, even if one intermediate node is failed, the original data still can automatically reroute to
destination by using backup path.

Balance
In a traditional single-hop network, the AP is shared by all devices. If multiple devices share the
same network, it may lead to communication congestion and reduce the overall system operating
speed. In advanced Mesh network, devices can share through multiple paths, so the overall
performance of the system will not be affected.

The emergence of Mesh network naturally solves and contains problems arising from the
large-scale application of centralized networks.
Its comprehensiveness, including self-expansion, self-organization , self-management, self-repair
and self-balancing technical characteristics, is bound to be the future direction of the Internet.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Blockchain Technology Creates the Value Ecology of Mesh
Networks

Business ecology is the value exchange based on information exchange.

Traditional Internet Business Ecology
The large-scale application and development of the traditional Internet essentially

solves the

problems of information transmission and the exchange of values between nodes, with the
combination of ease to use and relatively low cost . At the same time, the similar "Internet
economy", "Internet +" and other large-scale commercial ecosystem are built on the Internet
platform, assuming they can lock the values through central organization, and this promotes the
further development of the Internet.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Business Ecology of Mesh Network
As a new direction for the future development of world network, Mesh network has the
characteristics of decentralization, point-to-point distribution, continuous expansion, and
self-management. It has shown tremendous development advantages in information
transmission, but its lock application at the value layer has not been fully excavated with the
gradual improvement of its function. Its value exchange function has not been fully realized.
The promotion and development of things need to build their own business ecosystem to drive
their development. This is the embodiment of development law at the level of value , and it is
indispensable. At this time, the IntelliShare emerges.

About IntelliShare
The core of blockchain is to lock the values. The IntelliShare uses the blockchain technology to
perfectly create such a self-organized, self-expanding business ecosystem, thus, forms an
ecological environment that delivers and locks the values for Mesh Network.
IntelliShare has constructed a distributed, self-expandable Mesh network validation system that
uses each single node to confirm under common protocols. On the basis of the confirmation of
distributed information data, the multi-dimensional ecological applications will be further built
around the commercialization of Mesh networks, from the information-confirm to the
value-exchange, from the confirmation of distributed single nodes to the promotion of the entire
distributed community, and from the identification of single structure to the identification of
accurate structures , combining the underlying blockchain distributed ledger system, thus,
provide a distinctive and versatile Mesh commercialization system.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Technical Theory of Blockchain and Mesh Network
Ecological Structure of IntelliShare
IntelliShare has its own complete ecological environment, as shown in the following diagram:
From bottom up, it corresponds to the Intelligent Mesh network, data layer, value layer and
contract layer.

Underlying environment of IntelliShare
Each Mesh firmware node could combine with the light node of the blockchain.
The underlying environment of IntelliShare is composed of intelligent Mesh network, which
adopts the self-developed Mesh protocol. It is the underlying environment for IntelliShare which
is self-connected, self-repaired, self-expandable, self-routed, self-balancing, and etc.
At this stage, our mobile devices can use the APP to call the wireless universal module to form
Mesh network. The following is a code example to demonstrate the Mesh implement：

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Our Mesh network can also be implemented directly at the link layer. In other words, without APP,
mobile phones can be directly connected to Mesh network through wireless blocks. This means
that the future Mesh network is transparent to the users, which greatly enhances the user's
experience. The firmware had Mesh network abilities can directly set blockchain light nodes in it ,
continuously creates and gets values.

Data Layer
At the data layer, it is the chain structure of the underlying data blocks of IntelliShare, forming the
IntelliShare Foundation Chain (Intelligent Chain). The complete data of intelligent chain is stored
distributedly in a large number of nodes on the network, ensuring the use of asymmetric
publickey and privatekeys, time stamps, and other technologies, guaranteeing the data
completeness and immunity.

The following is a blockchain schematic diagram:

The following is an illustrative code for verifying the integrity of a new block:

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Value layer
IntelliShare uses an improved PoS Consensus Mechanism , called PoSS (Proof of Stack & Service).
In IntelliShare Mesh network, the node coinage difficulty is set based on a comprehensive
assessment of the total Tokens holden and the services of Mesh networks provided. Putting in
the node wallet, you can "mine" to gain benefits. If the node can serve other C-side clients in
Mesh, such as providing Internet access, helping content distribution, and etc., there is also a
chance to obtain "accounting rights." This mechanism locks the value of each individual who joins
the IntelliShare Mesh network. As long as you are willing to share, you will be rewarded.

The following is a demo code of partial PoSS algorithm schematic:

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Contract Layer
At the contract layer, IntelliShare encapsulates various application scenarios and cases in
Intelligence Mesh through various scripts, algorithms, and smart contracts, so that users can
easily build various applications on them, such as content distribution systems, accurate data
validation, point-to-point matching transactions, small amount payments and etc. The following
is a partial instructions code for small amount payments:

Structure
The IntelliShare network platform will provide support for clients on the entire platform,
including the following clients: Web browsers, Android clients, IOS clients, PC clients.
First of all, the user experience Alpha version for Android clients and IOS clients has been tested

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

internally, and the beta version have been gradually released to the public.

The distributed ledger system of IntelliShare
The distributed ledger records are the vital fundamental infrastructures, playing an overwhelming
part in data storage and interaction in the Mesh Internet. Features of this technology like
decentralization, irreversibility and common accounting are key to realizing the value system of
Mesh Internet in closed environments for IntelliShare.
In IntelliShare Ecology, by utilizing the distributed accounting technology , it may help to register
the Mesh Internet nodes offering traffic, conduct the data-matching identification, and make the
node port perform a unique value authentication through time, loss and nodes in fixed
proportion and double-check according to the comparison of data-maintenance among nodes to
ensure their accuracy.
On the other hand, we do not merely aim to offer the data-maintenance of Mesh nodes, but also
to support behavior-maintenance. That is to say, each time when the data corresponds to a
unique matching timestamp, the acquirement and usage of data will be recorded on the
accounting books, and a record of data complete process comes into being, which contributes to
keeping the characters of uniqueness and irreversibility for the data among nodes, and also laying
a safe foundation for the formation of more gap points.
Meanwhile, we are wielding the distributed accounting technology. On the premise of this, we
could conduct data exchange framework supported by multiclass equipments on the basis of
IntelliShare Ecological equipments, stimulating the traffic supply and support among nodes ,
consolidating and stabilizing the base station of Mesh Internet.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

IntelliShare Mesh
IntelliShare Mesh, A network platform for the Mesh network business ecosystem.

The integration of traditional Internet + Mesh network + blockchain technique.
IntelliShare Mesh is an organic combination of Mesh and traditional networks, a convenient and
innovative network where the decentralized point-to-point distributed mobile scenarios, whose
interconnection is automatically optimized , deeply rooted with block chain technique.
The core of the IntelliShare Mesh is to allow each node in the network to send and receive signals,
and to solve the problems of low expansion ability and poor transmission reliability that existed
in the ordinary wireless technology in the past.

A large number of the terminal equipments in

the network can be automatically connected into net structure through wireless; each node in
the network has the function of automatic routing. Each node only communicates with the
adjacent nodes and accesses the backbone network. Therefore, it is a self-organizing,
self-managed intelligent network, a flexible network that can be built without the backbone

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

network.
Only the modules for wireless communication are required to build the ad hoc network
conveniently. It can be connected to the Internet through any relevant nodes. The Mesh network
in the same protocol with different subnet can not only be connected by Internet, it can also be
merged directly into a large Mesh network through nodes.

Nodes are the cornerstone for building the Mesh networks, the characteristics of the nodes of
the IntelliShare Mesh are:

Multiple frequency networking
Each node in the IntelliShare Mesh can use different frequency bands in the post backing and
accessing. The problem of channel interference can be solved by using the unique optimization
algorithm to select the best channel automatically, which improve the network extension and
communication performance.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Anti-attenuation
The signal strength of the traditional Mesh network would decline slowly with the skip of the
number of the nodes. According to our team's data model of Mesh network test at the present
stage, this attenuation rate can be controlled at about 1%.

Distributed key algorithm
The “double key” confirmation method extended by the concepts of public keyserver and private
keyserver. The connection confirmation of the fixed nodes in the underlying protocol link layer
formed by the public keyserver and the secondary confirmation formed in the application layer
shall be determined by the specific private keyserver. The "double key" model can form the
confirmation of scaled accurate data, and provide a variety of rich and accurate business
scenarios and precise business scenarios that face the final customer for the IntelliShare Mesh on
the business level.

Net pool technology
The net pool technology is the core technology of the nodes of the IntelliShare Mesh. The
extension features of the nodes of the IntelliShare Mesh can break the quantity limitation of the
equipments, that is the interconnecting equipments between the nodes do not have
corresponding connection problems with the increase of the number of nodes, they can maintain
their smooth and multi-hop feature.

The application scenarios of IntelliShare Mesh
IntelliShare Mesh is a dynamically and constantly expanding network framework using multiple
frequency network，anti-attenuation，distributed key algorithm，net pool technology，etc. to
create an exclusive mobile wireless LAN for individuals or organizations. With the extension of
the network scenarios and the complete matching of equipments, the IntelliShare Mesh build on
the basis of blockchain technology can be used as the complement of existing network, and form
the pattern of parallel networks. Its application scenarios can be widely used in wireless

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

customized exclusive LAN, non-network communications, network traffic balance, transportation
networks, outdoor sharing economy, node online, AR scenarios, near-field social networking, and
urban big data operations, making everything connected to the Internet a reality.

The realizable business form application scenarios can be divided into:

Wireless Customized Exclusive Local Area Network(LAN)
At present, social organizations such as urban communities, schools, commercial complexes, and
enterprises mostly use wireless WiFi or wireless cellular telephones to communicate. Wireless
Mesh network that add or adjust AP has faster and more flexible configurations than wired AP,
and is easy to install and have lower costs. Especially for organizations with frequent access
points, IntelliShare Mesh's flexible configuration and multi-hop architecture technology will
effectively help their adjustment and upgrade.
Companies or schools can use IntelliShare Mesh to create a wireless LAN environment that can
both perform internal fine-grained management and communication as well as prevent external
Internet interference with the organization.
IntelliShare upgrades the interaction mechanism of commercial complexes, urban community
advertising, and property management through blockchain + mesh technology. Currently, it has
been implemented in the IntelliShare Mesh LAN for networkless communication, networkless
distribution, fixed-point delivery, and

networkless content release.

IntelliShare mainly helps urban communities, schools, commercial complexes, corporations,
villages and towns and other social organizations to achieve point-to-point(P2P) communications
and DAO autonomy. The purpose is to improve the organization's collaborative efficiency and
guarantee the individual rights of the organization's members. Currently, it has established
cooperative relationships with multiple companies and has taken the lead in the field of
enterprise integrated management and application.

Urban Big Data Operation
With the development of science and technology, the construction and management of urban

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

facilities in the future will surely move toward digital and intelligent development. At present, the
landing projects for the Internet of Things industry are more about urban infrastructure systems
such as traffic monitoring, sewage monitoring, and garbage monitoring. IntelliShare Mesh can
provide a more convenient, stable, safe, and low-cost wireless underlying network for the
"Internet of Things" that consists of sensors and smart devices throughout the city system. It not
only assists them in the measurement, monitoring and analysis of the core systems and
information infrastructure of the city's operations, but also locks in the real value of the large
amount of important data generated.

Network Traffic Balance
At present, people are accustomed to Internet-based Internet life. The NB-IoT and LTE centralized
mode adopted by traditional mobile operators make all signals are transmitted to the central
server cluster through the base station. However, when the amount of usage is large, it is easy to
have network congestion. IntelliShare Mesh breaks through the limit of the number of devices
through its unique net pool technology, that is, the nodes connected to each other do not have
corresponding congestion problems as their number increases rapidly, and they keep the

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

network open and multi-hop feature at any time.

Networkless Communication
Around world, there are still many regions in the world that are relatively poor and backward,
and 56% (about 4 billion people) do not have access to the Internet. Due to insufficient financial
resources, remote geographical position, and too sparse population density, it is impossible to
carry out a large amount of telecommunications infrastructure in these areas. The people there
are completely in the state of “no network”. Compared with the traditional communication
mode with high cost, IntelliShare relies on the technical characteristics of the blockchain+Mesh
network which only requires low costs to allow users to communicate with each other in a
networkless environment, and can also jump into

Internet through the node to synchronize

with the world.
Similarly, IntelliShare Mesh can be used to solve problems such as wiring difficulties and high
installation costs, allowing users to use free and high-speed wireless networks in other outdoor
environments, such as some scenic spots that are difficult to reach because of the long distances.

Transportation Networks
IntelliShare builds a stable and unobstructed underlying communication network environment
for the car network, which makes each high-speed moving vehicle become a node with multiple
frequency networking, anti-attenuation, distributed key algorithm, multi-hope extension and
other characteristics. It can promote the vehicle to truly become a mobile communication
terminal with intelligent applications, so as to realize the functions of unmanned driving and safe
rescue of the vehicle; it can also transmit all traffic information within the urban traffic system,
thereby avoiding traffic jams and solving the problem of public parking. This low-cost, even
zero-cost, data transmission network will be extended to the global scope and can include areas
such as water, air, and ground transportation in the future.

Outdoor Sharing Economy
IntelliShare Mesh network is also ideally suited for use in outdoor shared devices such as OFO,

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Mobike, and shared power bank. After the installation of IntelliShare Mesh, these shared devices
can realize the zero cost of communication between the devices. This will greatly reduce the
operating costs of the sharing economy and provide a low-cost underlying network environment
for more common equipment in the future.

Node Online
Industrial IoT requires that nodes must be "always online." Ordinary IoT nodes often need to
rejoin the network due to connection failure. This can cause network attacks, consume a lot of
network bandwidth resources, and even lead to “network partitions”. For example, using
IntelliShare in the field of unmanned factories, the communication mode between robots can be
improved from two aspects: On the one hand, each robot has a built-in hardware key. The
identity ID derived from the private key enhances the authentication, ensures the security of the
communication based on the digital signature, and prevents the proliferation of false information
and intrusion of illegal devices. On the other hand, IntelliShare Mesh's features such as
self-repaired, self-management, multiple frequency networking, anti-attenuation, and balance
can ensure the uninterrupted internal communications of unmanned factories, and IoT nodes are
always online.

AR Scenario Support
AR (Augmented Reality), an augmented reality technique, is a technique for calculating the
location and angle of the camera image and adding the corresponding image, video, and 3D
model. The goal of this technology is to put the virtual world in the real world and interact with it
on screen, which is with strong sense of substitution. With the enhancement of CPU computing
capability of electronic products, the use of augmented reality technique will become more and
more extensive in the future. However, due to the high interaction cost on data transmission and
location between men as well as man and substance , it can not be popularized. The underlying
network of IntelliShare Mesh architecture has the characteristics of low cost, anti-attenuation,
self-extension, and self-networking, which provides information channel scenes for various AR
projects, such as games, military, medical, and so on, so that the AR technology is truly realized,

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

and more people experience the world of the fusion of real environment and virtual objects.

Near-field Social Networking
Close communication between people still depends on voice and body movements whether in
elevators, subways, underground parking, or tunnels, and there are many obstacles to
communicate closely with acquaintances and strangers. IntelliShare can solve people-to-people
and face-to-face social issues in the near-field. People can connect with other people to form a
mobile LAN, share bandwidth and flow resources, conduct point-to-point data transmission, and
complete near-field social networking while ensuring privacy by installing IntelliShare Mesh on
mobile phones. This can fill the market gap left by the traditional Internet social platform and
solve a variety of social issues arising from face-to-face interactions between people in real life.

IoE (IntelliShare Mesh of Everything)
IBM predicts that more than 25 billion devices will be interconnected by 2020, and will have huge
communication needs. Relying on traditional network technology to transmit data will have
extremely high network operating costs. The Internet of Things, in combination with IntelliShare,
builds a self-organized network with distributed transmission functions that can optimize Lora
and NB-lot. This not only ensures the security of data, but also allows Internet of Things
companies to avoid spending huge sums of money to build their own private networks, saving
80% of the cost of Internet of Things companies. IntelliShare Mesh can ensure a variety of smart
devices to complete the point-to-point data zero cost transmission quickly and easily, providing a
data transmission network environment for a variety of application scenarios in the Internet of
Things.

Any equipments that need to be connected can be added into IntelliShare Mesh in two ways:
▪ Equipments with external or built-in chip with SSPU.
▪ Direct carry out firmware upgrading for the compatible chips.

Coverage of Mobile Payment

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

All the IntelliShare equipments are interconnected for common use. From the scope of
application, it can be as small as covering a floor, a community; or as large as covering a city, even
covering the entire region to realize the wireless IntelliShare communication, and bring better
information service and life experience .
More importantly, in the case of widespread node coverage, any sing.le node can easily connect
to the WAN through a certain jump. Moreover, these devices themselves can also be the
blockchain node to confirm the data, gradually achieve non-blind area mobile payment function.

With the promotion of electronic terminal equipments that have the function of IntelliShare
nodes, all IntelliShare smart devices can implement peer-to-peer information transmission, and
multiple nodes form a dedicated local area network.

Each dedicated local area network can have high data storage and processing capabilities and
bandwidth conditions, with functions such as custom distribution, flow provisioning, subscription
division , convenient payment, and mining revenue. This is actually a "super node" in the Internet
world.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

In this"super node", each terminal node records and locks its own value in the "super node"
through the blockchain consensus mechanism, and then through the interconnection between
the "super node"

and the outside world (directly or indirectly) achieves value locking and

exchange. IntelliShare will build a new multi-layered network landscape in smart homes, smart
communities, smart cities, and even the entire society.

IntelliShare also provides and support hardware and prototype, product equipment will be
brought out step by step, which is testing the Alpha version of the devices including:

IntelliShare Router
New IntelliShare Mesh technologies, elaborate appearance, powerful kernel, build-in loop aerial,
strong signal and wide coverage. Intelligent optimization path, no wiring installation and
plug-and-play provides the best experience for customers.

IntelliShare Powerbank
Built-in Mesh chip, acquires the signal of the surrounding networks automatically, connect to
weak password route or IntelliShare nodes automatically and become the “Mobile IntelliShare
nodes”. Select the best path and the strongest signal automatically and self-organize LAN with
other IntelliShare nodes to create a carry-on Mesh network that truly belongs to you.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Distribution Plan of IntelliShare Token (INE)
The issuance of digital asset
IntelliShare token，hereinafter referred to as IntelliShare token (INE). At this stage, INE Token is
the Smart contract based on Ethereum. Ethereum is an open source and public distributed
computing platform, it provides a distributed Turning-complete virtual machine to support the
operation of intelligent contract. It is a block chain digital asset build on the basis of latest
distributed consensus algorithm used for trading and supporting digital assets, and paying the
service charge of block chain transaction, it is circulated around the world. We use IntelliShare as
the basic unit of INE Token. IntelliShare equipments is the basis of IntelliShare, combine block
chain technology with IntelliShare Mesh, use Token mechanism to stimulate the addition and
sharing of each node, let the server, the user and the owner benefit from it, thereby creating a
new ecosystem sharing economic cycle of value networks.

Distribution Plan
Reserved for Mining: 26%
Angel Investment: 14%
To reward early investment incubators and individuals and promote rewards for long-term stages.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Reward for the research and development team: 10%
For the long-term research and development of technology.Promotes the continuously perfect
of technology and rewards for long-term stages
Reward feedback to the community: 30%
To encourage the developing of community technology and the application of products.
IntelliShare Foundation: 20%
To maintain the operation of the foundation, promote the maintenance of the value of network
digital asset and create the ecosphere of IntelliShare.

Unlock plan
Reserved for Mining: 26%(locked position)
Angel investment: 14% (locked position)
Gradually put on the market for six months after issuance, the first release: 25%; unlock after 12
months: 25%; unlock after 18 months: 25%; unlock the rest after 24 months: 25%.
Development team Holds 10%
Locks up for two years, gradually puts on the market in the third year after issuance, releasing for
the first time: 25%; unlocks for the fourth year: 25%; unlocks after the fifth year: 25%; unlock the
rest after the sixth year: 25%.
Reward feedback to the community
Complete distribute 30% in 5 years. First year: 10%, second to fifth: 5% each.
IntelliShare Fundation
Locks up for two years, and gradually put on the market according to the needs of the
foundation's operation.

Detailed rules and regulations for issuance
The total amount of the INE issuance is 986,000,000; the total amount is constant and will never
increase. INE corresponds to the use of DT(Digital Token) and DApp. The digital asset is not issued
by the Central Bank, credit institutions, and electronic money institutions, the problem of
decentration and trustless is solved by block chain, it is transmitted through an encryption

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

algorithm, and it is a collection and payment tool based on the circulation and application of
virtual or specific environment. We believe that the core value of the future of INE lies in:

1)

The value of the collection and payment tool under the application environment: Its value
derives from the market demand of the application environment.

2)

Characteristics of the digital asset when it is analogy to metallic currencies: The quantity of
digital asset is controlled strictly.

3)

It will be applied to the application environment of the continuous developed new basic
chain, its use value and circulation value will be greatly improved, and it is a long-term
digital asset holding scheme.

Application experience and earnings
INE adopts POS consensus mechanism, which make it gains earnings on the mobile terminals .
The nodes that provide the service will have a corresponding Token in return; for the users of
IntelliShare Mesh, they also have the chance to obtain Token in return.
Accept the issuance of content and acquire the share of the Token.
For example: promotion information of the merchants, advertisement release, and network
communication.

Share network resources, gain Token reward
There are Token rewards for the nodes that provide the service. For example: nodes provide
Internet channel to other intelligent devices, so that the Shared traffic can be rewarded with a
certain Token.
If you put the INE that would not be transacted for the moment into the IntelliShare Wallet, you
will have regular and stable dividend earnings.

Along with the completion of IntelliShare public chain, all the INE Tokens will be mapped onto
its own public chain

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

IntelliShare Fund Council
IntelliShare Foundation
IntelliShare Foundation (INIF) is headquartered at Boulder, United States and is a NPO established
by major bloackchain research and development companies and venture capital institutes. The
Foundation devotes itself to the promotion of bloackchain knowledge, manufacturing ,research
and development of bloackchain technology, and the drive for the development of blockchain
industrialization.

Board Institute
In order to maintain the sustainability, management effectivity, and fund-raising security，
IntelliShare would establish IntelliShare Board Institute to regulate its organization and activities,
and protect legal rights of the institute, relevant profiteers and users. The institute must obey the
constitution, laws, rules, regulations and relevant national policies.

Board Team
The Board Institute of IntelliShare governs commerce committee, finance committee, human
resource committee， personnel committee, joint representative committee , Technical
Committee of major events, business committee, and finally, personnel committed jointly-elected
by finance and human resource committee. The chairman of the joint representative committee
is elected by joint representatives and is responsible for affairs of daily management.
Joint representative committee is the highest decision-making institute, whose jobs include:
a) Modifying management regulations of IntelliShare.
b) Supervising the realization of IntelliShare regulations.
c) Hiring or firing the chairman of joint representative committee as well as leading
officers of committees.
d) Formulating or modifying important decisions.
Members of the joint committee have a term of five years, and after members of the joint
committee receives full term, the technical committee, business committee, financial and

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

personnel management committee would again vote for 5-20 new members, who would
represent IntelliShare Board to make important and urgent decisions and

need to accept credit

extension investigation.

Technical Committee：
Technical committee of IntelliShare is responsible for the development of bottom-level
technologies as well as the development, examination and management of various products.
Specifically they include:
a) Code management, code development, code tests, code examinations, debugging and
online Initialization of code.
b) Setting up project-tracing meetings

to communicate in project progress and needs.

c) Exploring scenarios of IntelliShare application for business realization. It is allowed to
be non-open sourced for examination of codes, public chains, union chains and private
chains.

Business Committee:
a) It is responsible for the promotion of IntelliShare technology as well as products of
original chains, and the joint of various resources.
b) It shapes the brand image of IntelliShare, build cooperate culture and establish and
improve various administrative regulations.
c) It is responsible for public/relation issues. If any events that affect the reputation of the
Board,the committee replies publicly after inner examination and evaluation.

Finance and Human Resource Management Committee:
a) It is responsible for project fund-raising application and examination, salary
management, and daily operation cost examination, etc.
b) It is responsible for various administrative issues, such as the drafting of relevant files,
discussion and arrangement of meetings, etc.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Team Introduction
Core team
Raymond Xiong / Project Founder, CEO &CTO
Master of Computer at California State University
Former Sky IT Support Senior Advisor, Los Angeles Area
He has worked on data acquisition, processing system development and algorithm research in
the United States for more than ten years. He has participated in the research and development
of early blockchain technologies and has authoritative views on the landing and application
scenarios of blockchain technologies.

Eric Zhu Ph.D/General Architect of Technology/Leader of IntelliShare Shanghai Team
Doctor of Computer at Fudan University
Expert of Expert Committee of Shanghai Cloud Computing Promotion Center / Expert of Open
Source Committee of Shanghai Software Promotion Center / Member of OpenStack China
Community Expert Group, former chief engineer of Pudong Software Park.
He has been engaged in the research and development of technologies and products in the field
of communication technology and high-performance computing for more than ten years. He has
published many papers in International Rank2 conferences and SCI journals.

Edgar Lei/Senior Software Engineer/Leader of IntelliShare Silicon Valley Team
Master of Computer Science at University at Buffalo, New York
Participated in the establishment of the US financial company GMBP Capital to build the Fintech
system
Serves as Senior Software Engineer to design and develop cloud data system at Tesla America
Silicon Valley Corporation responsible for the design and development of cloud data systems. He
has more than ten years of experience in software development for IT companies in the United
States.

Gurinder Bhangoo / Senior Software Engineer / Head of IntelliShare & TheDEN Blockchain

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Educational Organization in Silicon Valley
Chief Blockchain Instructor of Peerbuds
Early members of Crypto World which is a world famous digital encryption technology
community
Famous blockchain technologist in Silicon Valley
The early developers of blockchain smart contracts. He has considerable experience in
developing blockchain, distributed ledger technology, smart contracts, and encrypted
transactions.

Alfredo Aguirre Valdez / Senior Software Engineer
Co- founder of Rino Soluciones,Technology Interviewer of Tesla
He leads Apple, Github develops multiple applications. His Customers include American Express
and BBVA Compass.

Lin Ma Ph.D / Senior Software Engineer
Ph.D. of Computer at Washington University in St. Louis
Distributed parallel system laboratory architect and data scientist in HUAWEI US Silicon Valley
Research Center
Former member of Intel WiMAX Technology and Business Development team, CUDA Library
development team, and BALSA Consulting Group.
He has published more than ten IEEE/ACM top-level international conferences and more than ten
journal papers, obtained three U.S. patents, and has been the judge and reviewer for more than
20 international conferences and journals in the field of parallel computing.

Bo Zhang Ph.D/ Senior Software Engineer
Ph.D. of Electronic Information Engineering at University at Buffalo, the State University of New
York. He currently works as the project technical manager in bak, a startup company in New York
State, responsible for the development and management of mobile electronic products. He has
more than 10 years of research on the technical principles of wireless communication, many

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

years of experience in mobile electronic product development and management. His research
areas include algebra, topology, massive mimo, mesh network, etc.

Yuhao Wang Ph.D / Senior Software Engineer
Ph.D. of Electronics and Electrical Engineering at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Postdoctoral scholar of Carnegie Mellon University
Currently works on the development of integrated circuit EDA software in the

Synology

Technology Corporation in Silicon Valley and researches blockchain algorithms against ASIC.
He has published more than ten papers about computer architecture, machine learning, and
cryptography. He also serves as reviewer for several international journals.

Rui Wang / Senior Software Engineer
Master of Computer Science at Stevens University of Technology, Full Stack Development
Engineer of Google
Years of experience in software development for IT companies in the United States.

Xiaosong Zheng/ Senior Software Engineer
Former Shopex E-Commerce system architect, with nine years of software system architecture
and development, technical team management experience. Technical consultant for large
customer of Shopex E-Commerce in b2c, b2b2c and other system.

Congcong Jiang/ Senior Software Engineer
He has about 20 years of software system architecture and development, technical team
management experience and has worked in AXA, Pioneer, Denso and other world top 500
enterprises. He has successively led and participated in the development of various Toyota, Lexus
car control systems, and has achieved good response in the market. Then he was responsible for
the company's micro-services, distributed services, and automated testing and other business.
During this period he restructured the company's overall Web architecture .
Expert of the blockchain development language golang, led the development of blockchains for

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

multiple golang languages.

Hengtian Yao

/ Product Design Director

Master of Mechanical Engineering, University at Buffalo, New York, Chair of CSSA Student Council
Senior Product Structure/Industrial Appearance Designer

Nicholas Wan / Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Master Degree of Accounting Management at University at Buffalo, New York/ Bachelor of
Accounting at Daemen College, New York
American Certified Management Accountant(CMA), member of the American Institute of
Management Accountants (IMA)
He has worked in financial management area for many years and is familiar with various types of
financial applications, sorting out financial status, and managing the company's systematic
financial environment.

John Win/Investor/Chief Capital Operating Officer
Founder of Sum Tim Investment Management
He has more than 20 years of experience in asset management
In the A+H era, he was the president of a listed company in Hong Kong, and was the director of
risk control for capital market operations. He has served as a trainer of capital operations for
derivative companies in Hong Kong.

Wanlong Gao/Investor/Capital Manager
Investment director of Shenzhen Construction Fusion Group
Former deputy general manager of Business Banking Department in Thailand Kasikorn Bank,
Shenzhen Branch. Marketing Director of Tairan 9th Road Business Department in Guosen
He has been engaged in foreign-invested banks and has served as domestic well-known securities
dealers for over 10 years. He is proficient in equity investment and financial derivatives trading.
The service assets of the team that he leads exceed RMB 10 billion.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Senior Advisors team
Bina Ramamurthy Ph.D/ Technical Advisor
Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University at Buffalo, Buffalo, NY.
She is a Research Associate Professor at University at Buffalo, Computer Science and Engineering
Department, the Director of Blockchain Thinklab that was created with an award from University
at Buffalo Presidential Circle Funding. She has been the Principal Investigator on four National
Science Foundation (NSF) grants and a co-investigator in six Instructional Innovative Instructional
Technology grants (IITG) from SUNY. She recently launched a four-course blockchain
specialization on Coursera platform for the worldwide online audience. Her current research is in
data science with an emphasis on computational models and distributed systems. For the past
two years, she has been actively involved in blockchain research, education and industrial
collaboration.

Terry Xing Ph.D/ Technical Advisor
Chief Technology Officer of UMining
Dr. Computer in the United States, EB1A Outstanding Talent. Research direction Distributed
systems, cloud computing and multiple networks. Rich world top 500 development and research
experience. He has published more than 20 papers, books and patents (items) related to journals
and conferences. At the same time, he has participated as a judge and reviewer in the evaluation
of more than 50 top magazines and conferences in the world.

Kevin Zhu / Technical Advisor
Chief product officer of Corfire. Former technical development supervisor of Sprint and JVL, led
the Omnyway technical team to launch the Big Data Al Commerce Pipeline platform for payment
tools Kohls Pay and IBM Pay.

Jerry Zhang Ph.D/Finance Advisor
Doctor of Engineering at Princeton University

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Former fund manager of YES Foundation in New York , responsible for high-tech project
investment
Current PinmoCEO consultant, 1% Quantum Fund partner and co-founder of X es Media Studios

Ronnie Sun / Product Planning Consultant
MBA at Alfred P. Sloan School of Management / Master of Data and Information Technology at
University of California, Berkeley
Former Senior Consultant of Booz Allen Hamilton
Currently works in the product planning department of Apple's headquarters and is responsible
for the sales forecast of the iPhone product line and the formulation of production plans.

Shaun Jia / Marketing Analyst
Master of Science at University of Cincinnati
Former Amazon software engineer. Currently serves as a senior software engineer at LinkedIn,
responsible for R&D and incremental growth of advertising products. He has spent years studying
and investing in US stocks, and he specializes in medium and long-term trend analysis of
technology stocks.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Risk Warning and Disclaimer
Risk Warning
For INE exchangers, please read the IntelliShare white paper carefully to gain a thorough
understanding of the risk-return characteristics of IntelliShare and take into account your own
risk appetite, take rational participation and make prudent decision. Whether as an INE buyer,
consumer, or investor, you may be exposed to the following risks:

Trading Risk: When the IntelliShare Token enters a market transaction, the price may rise or fall
and price fluctuations may cause a loss.
Policy Risk: As blockchain is an innovation, the current policy regulation is not clear. Therefore,
any change in policy may have an impact on the project itself or on the market price.
Business Cycle Risk: There is cyclicality for any industry. The blockchain industry also has
cyclicality. After the market turns from a bull market to a bear market, most projects will be
affected.
Cyber Security Risks: Blockchain technology is also built on the Internet and hacker attacks can
result in project and customer losses.
Development Progress Risk: Since blockchain is a science and technology innovation, there are
no precedents in many fields. There may be a risk that technology development will not reach
the expected level in technology product development.
The risk of core brain drain: there is a very short supply of chain block talent. Loss of core
technical personnel and operational personnel of a team may have a greater impact on the
product or community.
Technical Risks: The application of blockchain technology is very fast in its application iteration.
There may be a risk of product loss and users’ loss due to technical imperfections.
In addition, there are some unknown risks, and participants are also asked to consider carefully
before buying and investing. Buyers should understand that IntelliShare items will not be
refunded under any circumstances. As IntelliShare, the team will make rational use of digital
assets, abide by their duties, perform honest and diligent obligations, and conduct product

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

development, business expansion and community maintenance.
Note: IntelliShare Token only represents the right of credit inquiry in IntelliShare, which
does not represent or contain any rights, uses, purposes, functions or characteristics. Although
IntelliShare Token may be able to trade, they are not money, securities, goods or any other
type of financial instruments.

Disclaimer
1)

This article is for informational purposes only and does not constitute any opinion on the
transaction related digital assets. Any similar proposals or inquiries will be carried out under
a trustworthy clause and under applicable laws, and the above information or analysis does
not constitute investment decisions or specific suggestions.

2)

This document does not constitute any investment intentions or instigation investment.

3)

This document is not composed or understood to provide any act of sale, nor is it any forms
of contract or commitment. The sponsor clearly stated that users should have a clear
understanding of the risk of investment. If investors participate in the investment, they will
understand and accept the risk of the project, and are willing to undertake all the
corresponding results or consequences for them.

4)

The platform expressly disclaims any direct or indirect losses caused by the participation in
the chain (INE), including the economic loss caused by the users’ erroneous transaction
operations, any errors or negligence or inaccuracy caused by the personal understanding,
and personal trading losses or any action caused by all kinds of block chain assets.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

Contact Information

IntelliShare (Boulder):
1942 Broadway St, STE314C, Boulder CO 80301,United States
IntelliShare (Hongkong):
Room C, 21 / F., Central Building, 88 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong Zip
Code: 999077
IntelliShare (Shenzhen):
17A Floor, Shenzhen SHUIWAN1979 Free Trade Center Building, Nanshan
District, Shenzhen Zip Code: 518038

Tech Support: HongKong United Digital Technology Limited
IntelliShare official website: IntelliShare.io
E-mail
Genera Support：Support@Intellishare.io
White Paper Working Group: whitepaper@IntelliShare.io
Global Community: global-community@IntelliShare.io
Public Relations: pr@IntelliShare.io
Investor Relations: ir@IntelliShare.io
IntelliShare Council: capital-council@IntelliShare.io

IntelliShare Foundation: Registered in the United States, is a non-profit organization with a
global development team.

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

References

G. Hall. Kad quasar, (2016). https:// github.com / kadtools / kad-quasa
Argyraki K, Cheriton D R. Active Internet traffic filtering: Real-time response to

Denital-of-seriveice attacks// Proceedings of the Use-nix Annual Technical Conference.
Anaheim, CA, USA, 2005:135-148

Paulson L D. Stopping intruders outside the gates. IEEE Computer, 2002, 35911):20-22
R Hinden: EdNokia. Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol，2004

Subramanian L et al. OverQoS: Offering Internet QoS using overlays // Proceedings of the 1st
Workshop on Hot Topics in Networks (Hot Nets-I). New Jersey, USA, 2002

Yating Liu. Overview for Wireless Mesh Network and Prospect //Information &
Communications.2014(02)

Chuang Lin, Lei Lei. Research on Next Generation Internet Architecture // Chinese Journal of
Computers. 2007,07(30-5)

Haiyue Huang , Yanxue Feng. Wireless Mesh network hybrid routing protocol load balancing.
Improved (j) mIntelliShareature microcomputer system, 2010,11 (11) : 2236. 2240

Greenhalgh A, Handley M, Huici F. Using routing and tunneling to combat DOS at tacks //

Proceeding of Use-nix Workshop Steps to Reducing Unwanted Traffic on the Internet(SRUTI).
Cambridge, MA, USA, 2005:1 7

Xinyou Zhang. Network engineering technology and experimental course [M] Beijing:
tsinghua university Press club, 2005

IntelliShare
Blockchain Mesh Ecosystem
For Next Generation Internet

——————————

——————————

Contents Description
This document is the first version of the white book of the "IntelliShare ". We focus on the
strategic objectives and technical roadmap of the "IntelliShare ". In the future, we will continue
to upgrade this document to reflect the latest development of the "IntelliShare ". For the latest
edition, roadmap, team, foundation governance, investors, strategic partners and other
information of the white paper, please visit the official website.

Copyright notice
The copyright of this document belongs to IntelliShare Foundation, all rights reserved.
Copyright © Copyright 2018 IntelliShare Foundation | All Rights Reserved

-

The End

-

