ANAPP BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
A Scalable Blockchain – Proof of Assignment Protocol

IOTW
Highly secure IoT ecosystem,
enabling Instant transaction and green micro mining
from any connected device - no extra hardware,
no additional cost.

Whitepaper
By: Fred Leung, Tony Chan, Kartik Mehrotra, and Peter Chan
2018

Mission
To Develop an IoT Blockchain protocol using proof of assignment to integrate IoT devices with Blockchain
such that a decentralized network of IoT applications and data exchange can be established.

The Problem
Current consensus systems such as Proof of Work or Proof of Stake have drawbacks that make them
diﬃcult for adaptation to IoT devices. For example,
The Proof of Work system requires strong computational power and large amounts of memory on the
end-node side, which are costly for consumers to adopt. A “mining machine” for Bitcoin costs over USD 2000
per set.
Mining under the PoW protocol is deliberately consumptive of power. It is estimated that the Bitcoin
network uses 0.14% of the global energy consumption and more power than several developing nations.
As the PoW system gets bigger, the whole network slows down.
The Proof of Stake system still requires large amounts of memory on the end nodes, and also large amount
of tokens to be able to win the Blockchain reward. The rich gets richer under the PoS system.
Both PoW and PoS are leading to the centralization and accumulation of mining power into the hands of a
few entities. Under PoW, giants like Bitmain’s mining pools control close to 51% of Bitcoin’s mining. Similarly,
under PoS, original adopters of Ethereum who own large stakes can easily rake in all the fees from the
network.

Introduction
We have invented a completely new Blockchain protocol that
Can run on most kinds of IoT devices without the need to change any hardware;
Have a mining function to attract IoT device users to join up to the chain;
Have a unique consensus protocol called “Proof of Assignment” that gives fair chance to all IoT devices to
obtain mining rewards;
Very light in overall power consumption; and
Supports instant transactions even if the chain expands in size exponentially.

Features of our new Blockchain architecture
Divide the Blockchain network into diﬀerent layers to reduce system requirement on the IoT devices (end
nodes) side;
End nodes do not have to have strong computational power or large amount of memory;
All IoT devices can connect to our Blockchain without any hardware change;
All the end nodes have equal chances of getting Blockchain rewards;
The chain does not consume unnecessary power; and
The chain supports instant transactions no matter how big it becomes.
From the Proof of Assignment consensus protocol, we have developed the “Micro-mining” protocol. Micromining is introduced so as to incentivize IoT device users to connect their devices to our Blockchain and provide
usage data. In order to make it easy for IoT devices to connect to our Blockchain, we have also designed a new
Blockchain architecture with end-nodes and trusted-nodes separated. Under this innovative new architecture,
most of the IoT devices in the world, be them big or small, can run our micro-mining software without the need
for any hardware change. For the ﬁrst time ever, Blockchain and IoT devices can seamlessly work together.
We aim to connect every household in the world with Blockchain and collect their usage data for betterment of
the whole mankind. This can be achieved through our easy to adopt Blockchain design, and a token reward
system (IOTW tokens system). IoT device owners who join our Blockchain network will be rewarded with IOTW
tokens. We shall establish a decentralized purchase network for the IOTW holders to purchase goods and
services with their IOTW tokens directly from the device makers and service providers. This is a decentralized
purchasing ecosystem to do away with all unnecessary middlemen and agents. The following pages will explain
our technology and business case in more details.

A High Instantaneous Throughput IoT Blockchain Architecture
using Proof of Assignment consensus
Motivations
Blockchain is arguably the most disruptive information technology (IT) in decades. Using distributed ledger
architecture, Blockchain technology is poised to transform our society in many ways, revolutionizing our ﬁnancial
system, supply chain and even legal system. Yet, Blockchain technology has virtually hit a roadblock in the Internetof-Things (IoT) arena, markedly limiting its applications in ubiquitous electronic devices and appliances in our daily
lives.
The most popular Blockchain algorithms used today are Proof of Work (PoW) [NAKA08] and Proof of Stake (PoS)
[KING12] algorithms. Unfortunately, both PoW and PoS are inappropriate for IoT applications because most IoT
devices have very limited computing and memory resources, and power budget. To this end, we have invented a
new Proof-of-Assignment algorithm that is suitable for IoT devices and is very robust, secure and scalable.
The PoW algorithm is used by many existing blockchains, including Bitcoin, in which miners compete to become the
ﬁrst provider of a cryptographical problem. It is not an environmentally friendly algorithm and consumes much
energy. The complexity of the cryptographical problem increases with the growth of the size of the ledger size and
is already demanding super computing power. Although PoW is useful for some applications, it is deﬁnitely not
good for IoT applications.
In the PoS consensus process, a candidate is regularly elected among validators in the blockchain ecosystem. The
PoS algorithm is less power hungry than the PoW algorithm because the above election process and the
cryptographical problem solving do not require supercomputing power. Nevertheless, PoS is still not a good choice
for IoT application because each node still needs to have substantial computing and memory resources.
Our Proof of Assignment (POA) algorithm is designed to gracefully solve these speciﬁc IoT issues.

Miner of PoW
(Proof of Work)

Miner of PoS
(Proof of Stake)

Miner of PoA
(Proof of Assignment)

Micro Mining
In the PoA algorithm, each IoT device is required to perform some simple but very important cryptographic tasks,
known as “Micro Mining”. On the other hand, these IoT devices are not required to handle the transaction ledger,
which is maintained by a distributed Trust Node system.

PoW Mining Machine
(Proof of Work)
Electric
Power

Blockchain
Network

PoS Node
(Proof of Stake)
Electric
Power

PoA Node
(Proof of Assignment)

Blockchain
Network

Blockchain Network
Trusted Node or Ledger Server

Data exchange
interface

High Power
PSU
Very high-speed
(“1000W)
processor
Ledger Storage

Data exchange
interface

High Power
PSU
(“500W)

High-speed
processor

Ledger Storage

Low
voltage
DC Supply

Ledger Storage

Low
voltage
DC Supply

Micro-controller with Data
Exchange Interface

Micro-controller with Data
Exchange Interface

Miner X

Miner Y

While PoS solves the energy wasting, ledger servers involved in such blockchain still need to have substantial
memory capacity to accommodate the transaction ledger. The cost will then become not aﬀordable for small IoT
devices to become blockchain enabled. IOTW aims at removing such hurdle to enable the general adoption of
blockchain in our daily used products. This will hopefully fuel the growth of blockchain transactions in our daily life.
Similar to PoS, mining devices in the IOTW blockchain do not require super computational power. In addition, IOTW
removes the need for mining devices to store the transaction ledger. This removes the cost associated with the
large memory and therefore adding mining capability to simple IoT devices will become aﬀordable. The consensus
algorithm behind the IOTW is proof of assignment (PoA).

Instead of allowing every network node to participate in mining in PoW, or having a voting process to elect the
appointed validator for a transaction in PoS, PoA elects a single candidate or a limited number of candidates to
solve the cryptographical problem by pre-agreed criteria (e.g. random, historic time connected to the system,
among of cryptocurrency involved, etc.) and issue the task directly to the elected candidate(s). Therefore, no or
limited competition exists in solving the cryptographical problem. Furthermore, the storage of the ledger is not a
mandatory requirement for mining devices. Transaction ledgers are being stored in higher networks layer(s) such as
trusted servers or ledger servers. The PoA makes the requirement on computational power and memory capacity of
the mining devices basic. An average micro-controller controlling functionality of products (e.g. electric fans, rice
cookers, vacuum cleaners, air conditioners, printers, etc.) with network access and suﬃcient program memory to
incorporate the mining software can become a mining device on the IOTW blockchain. Thus, the term Micro Mining
is adopted for the mining process in IOTW to distinguish it from other conventional mining.
Since the cost for adding Micro Mining to any IoT enabled product is extremely low or near zero, together with the
incentive of getting award during the operating life of the products with Micro Mining capabilities, it is anticipated
that the adoption can be much more rapid than public blockchains today. This will bring blockchain technologies
down to earth and spawns oﬀ various applications.
Initial launch of IOTW blockchain aims at creating a market place linking household appliance product
manufacturer, agents, services providers, and end user. Accessing the IOTW blockchain via mobile phones, pads,
and computers will also be supported. Product manufacturer, agents and distributors, service providers, etc., are
strategic partners of IOTW blockchain and it is the aim of the IOTW blockchain to grow together with its strategic
partners.

Miner Selection Algorithm
To elect miner candidates from a large set of IoT devices, we can adopt the following two types of approaches. First,
as for centralized approaches, we allow ﬂexible design choices for selecting IoT mining device(s). For example, we
can leverage the API server to perform the assignment allocation; or the API server can delegate the allocation task
to a ledger server/trusted node. The assigning process can be random, where each IoT device has equal chance of
being selected. Or, the assigning process might be weighted, so that each IoT device has diﬀerent chance of being
selected and is in proportional to their weights. In practice, we can use the reliability of the IoT devices, i.e.,
whether it has correctly performed mining in previous assignments, to build up their reputations as weights.
Another possible approach is through generating public randomness and using it as a seed to select IoT devices,
completely in a decentralized manner. Here we give one concrete instantiation using veriﬁable random functions
(VRF). The public randomness seed can be generated via VRF, or via a multi-party computation protocol. Later, using
seed, each IoT device (with public/private key pair <pk, sk>) can generate a speciﬁc hash value via (hash, Π) VRFsk
(seed), where hash is a hash value and is a proof. Then, the IoT device can determine whether it is selected, e.g.,
via pre-deﬁned characteristics of the n least signiﬁcant bits in hash, and others can prove that the IoT device pk is
indeed being selected via validating the given hash, and checking whether True VRFpk (hash, Π, seed) holds.
Furthermore, as for selection criteria, we can either select IoT candidates randomly or in proportion to their
weights on the blockchain, such as money units in their accounts.

System Architecture
Today, public blockchains simply have a ﬂat layer of ledger server mesh network under the API server.
The IOTW blockchain has more network layer(s) below the ledger server mesh network. Mining devices may be
linked to any one of the ledger servers of IOTW blockchain directly, or via another layer of trusted node mesh
network. Mesh networks between mining devices and trusted nodes may also exist. Hence, the network
architecture may vary from one to multiple layers of mesh networks.
It should also be noted that due to the simplicity of mining devices, MMI for transaction processing and direct
association with wallet are generally not being built within mining devices. Instead, they are normally linked to user
devices such as cell phones, tablets, or computers for communicating with the IOTW blockchain ecosystem.
Similar with public blockchains today, there is an API server on top of the ledger server mesh network to link
diﬀerent categories of users together, as well as to wallets and exchanges. A big data bank can be built into the SPI
servers collecting data, and carry out analysis to generate useful information such as consumer behavior, best
selling products, product reliability and life, service response time, etc. Such information has the potential to
become an income-generating source for the IOTW blockchain.
The following diagram illustrates possible system architecture. It should be noted that the mining assignment block
shown is within the API server. It is also possible that the mining assignment is within the ledger server mesh
network controller.

Physical Service &
Consumable Provider

Physical Service &
Consumable Provider

Mining
Assignment

Big Data Collector
Request Processing

API
Wallet

API Server
Ledger Server 1

Ledger Server N

Trust
Node

Mesh Network

Trust
Node

Device
Node

Device
Node

Device
Node
Device mesh

Mesh Network

Device
Node

Trust
Node

Device
Node

Blockchain ecosystems are normally more vulnerable to 51% takeover attacks when the number of ledger server
nodes is small. As number of ledger servers grow, blockchains become more and more robust against such attacks.
Therefore, special care should be taken during initial launch of new blockchains. For IOTW, the whole system is
controlled by Anapp Blockchain Technologies Limited in collaboration with strategic partners serving also as owners
of trusted nodes, or even trusted ledger servers. The makes the IOTW blockchain ecosystem not an open system at
the beginning to trade for better system security.

Transaction Execution
Transaction request can be raised by any devices on
the IOTW blockchain ecosystem having a valid wallet
for paying or receiving of IOTW coins. A transaction
request comprises the transaction information in
terms of the nature of transaction such as purchase or
selling of goods and services, involved parties, delivery
schedule, warranty terms, transaction amount
involved, etc., together with a transaction HASH, and
other optional data such as signature, day and time
stamp, etc.

The following diagram illustrates a typical ledger
with N transaction blocks
Block HASH (0)

Block 0

Data of transaction (1)
Transaction HASH (1)
Optional Signature (1)

Upon receiving of new transaction request, the IOTW
blockchain ecosystem assigns the job of computing
the new block HASH to one or more mining devices.
Trusted node(s) or ledger server(s) then validates new
Block HASH generated by mining device(s).

Other optional data (1)

Transaction request once veriﬁed and validated, the
newly generated block HASH will be appended to the
transaction request to form a new transaction block.
The new transaction is then being appended to the
last transaction block. Transaction amount involved
will then be transferred between corresponding
wallets.

Data of transaction (2)

Block 1

Block HASH (1)

Transaction HASH (2)
Optional Signature (2)

Block 2

Other optional data (2)
Block HASH (2)

Data of transaction (N)
Transaction HASH (N)
Optional Signature (N)
Other optional data (N)
Block HASH (N)

Block N

Security: Witnessing Protocol
Since transaction ledger is not being stored in micro-mining machines (IoT devices), the 51% hostile takeover does
not apply to this network layer. In the IOTW blockchain ecosystem, the key to security is to protect the ledger from
attacks at the trusted server network layer. Theoretically, trusted servers are already most robust against attacks. In
addition, we are developing another algorithm to improve the security of the IOTW blockchain ecosystem.
Instead of validating a new transaction by just veriﬁcation by IoT micro-mining and validating by trusted nodes, at
least one witness who is not the mining node will be invited to witness the new transaction using digital signature
(private/public key pair). With such implementation, 51% attack needs to simultaneously attack both the
transaction ledger as well as the associated blockchain of witnesses to gain hostile takeover. Hence, this will greatly
improve the security of the IOTW blockchain ecosystem. This is known as the witnessing protocol.
Security of the system will be growing with time as more devices get connected. We have a patented witness
protocol that assumes a few devices from the pool of available ones will be picked up to sign and verify the
transaction blocks. The block will be considered valid only if all devices will return the same coherent veriﬁcation. In
case of not coherent veriﬁcation provided, all devices chosen for this veriﬁcation will be blacklisted and removed
from the pool. To further enhance security for single block, veriﬁcations originated from diﬀerent geographical
locations and diﬀerent manufacturers can be chosen and connected to trusted servers residing on diﬀerent cloud
infrastructures (AWS, Google, MS).
Below, we give a more concrete analysis on the extra security strength brought by our
witnessing protocol. Suppose we have n witness nodes being pre-selected in the setup stage. Assume that each
witness node has a probability of p to be compromised by the adversary. Here the compromise probability p is
directly related to the deployed security practices on how we protect the witness nodes. Then the probability (k)
that exactly k out of n witness nodes have been compromised follows the binomial distribution (k;n,p), as given by
the formula:
(k) = (k;n,p) = (nk) (1−p)−k
To put the above math formula in to contexts, if we pre-select the trusted nodes as witnesses, which are necessarily
well-maintained in our system, then we can expect that the probability p would be extremely small. If we use a
threshold based witnessing scheme, which demands t out of n witness nodes’ signatures to audit the block, then
the probability that no more than t witness nodes have been compromised by external attacker is given by the
formula:
t−1
∑ (k) = (0) + (1) + (2) ... + (t− 1)
k=0
Thus, if we follow the standard blockchain threat model (Byzantine), and set t = 1/3 witness nodes, then the
above formula gives us overwhelmingly high probability that the adversary cannot control more than t witness
nodes. While for witnesses serving by IoT mining nodes, we can expect that the probability p might rise.
Nevertheless, we can integrate a combination of IoT mining nodes and trusted nodes as witnesses, and emphasize
that the attacker has to compromise both the trusted nodes and selected IoT witness nodes at the same time to
disrupt our ecosystem.

IOTW Blockchain Network Management
The initial assignment of IoT devices to Ledger Server is managed by Anapp Blockchain Technologies Limited in
collaboration with strategic partners such as semiconductors and IoT devices vendors. When the ecosystem grows,
a management standard steering committee will be form by interesting individuals and companies to oversee the
overall IoT ledger sever assignment and general network management, and its future development direction.
Members of this committee come from diﬀerent stakeholders who participate in IoT device manufacturing and
selling chain. AnApp founding members have founded USB OHCI, 1394.A and participated in PCI SIG, wireless LAN
standard development. AnApp has the skillset to push start such a committee.
Patents will be licensed out for free when the development and sales is for IOTW network ecosystems with some
exception such as building mining farm. The steering committee and AnApp will have the right to take legal action
against such violation or shut down their operation. The target is put IOTW coins into common people’s hand
through mining.
We will select appropriate security models to benchmark the ﬁgure of merit about the IOTW blockchain ecosystem
before the public launching.

Existing Status & Future Works
We have been successfully running IOTW blockchain on 1,000+ IoT devices at the same time with a single Trust
Node. Transactions are being generated using either cell phones or computers at the moment, but will soon be on
other connected devices such as light bulbs and air puriﬁers as well. The blockchain ledger can be viewed in a
computer screen (for demo only and not the future working version). The software is fully scalable.
Furthermore, the current implementation is target for instant transactions. The ultimate target performance would
be 1M transactions per second. Our recent alpha testing of the platform resulted in 3,000 transactions per second
for long distance network transactions and 100,000 transactions per second for local network transactions
Future development will focus on the following
Implementation of a real IOTW blockchain ecosystem with user friendly MMI
Scale up the system capacity to accommodate practically unlimited number of users (as discussed previously)
Implementation of further security features to make the ecosystem more robust against the 51% attack
(further discussion in following paragraph)
Development of data analysis of big data and launch of related services
Instead of the normal validation in PoW or PoS, IOTW implements another level of security by inviting one or
more user(s) to serve as witness to co-sign transactions. Signature(s) of the witnesses are generated by private
key and validation of such signature(s) is done using the public key. This will greatly increase the diﬃculty for
the 51% talk over attack due to the need to tackle simultaneously the witness’s blockchain within the limited
time of transaction processing.

Mining Algorithm Comparison
Proof of Work (PoW)

Proof of Stake (PoS)

Proof of Assignment (PoA)

Greater mining leads
to higher rewards

Compensation increases
as more people get paid

The more the mining
nodes are, the more
rewards we get

Crypto Currency

Bitcoin and many others

NEM、PeerCoin, etc
Etherueum will be adopted in
the future

IOTW

Computation
Power Required

Extremely high

Lower than PoW

Extremely Low

Power Consumption

Extremely high

Lower than PoW

Extremely Low

A few seconds

Less than one second

Ming can potentially be
centralized

Mining is 100%
decentralized

Compensation

Instant Transaction

IOT Device

Centralization

Mining is becoming
more centralized

Business Model: B2B2C
Collecting usage data from IoT devices used to be very diﬃcult. There are over 15 billion IoT devices scattered
around the world, and they are too simple to run complicated blockchain software. Yet they contain so much
information about people’s daily lives. To enable and encourage IoT device users to connect to the blockchain
network and share their usage data, we have invented the micro-mining system.

1

Getting Existing Devices Connected

People’s behavior is hard to change. To get IoT device users to connect to our blockchain, we need to
incentivize them. This is done through our micro-mining function. For existing IoT devices, we will work with
diﬀerent device makers to embed our system codes into their next ﬁrmware update. When the IoT device
owners upgrade their ﬁrmware, their devices will be able to connect to our blockchain and start micro-mining
to get blockchain rewards. The way of giving out blockchain rewards under the Proof of Assignment consensus
protocol has been explained in the previous chapter. Once they get IoT, they will start to obtain IOTWs as they
continue to connect their devices. If the users are willing to share their usage data, they will obtain extra
IOTWs.

2

Partnering with Goods and Services Providers

In order to create value for the IOTW tokens, we need to have goods and services providers willing to take
IOTWs as payments. We expect certain ﬂuctuations in the value of IOTWs initially, and goods and services with
high margins would be able to withstand such ﬂuctuations in their payments. As such we are discussing with
sellers of luxury goods, overstock items, digital contents such as music and videos, and online games to take
IOTW as their payments. We shall make announcements when such discussions are concluded.
In the long term, as more and more devices are IoT to our chain and more and more households have IOTWs,
the price of IOTWs is expected to stabilize. Then we expect more ordinary sellers of goods and services to be
willing to take IOTWs as payments.

3

Collecting and Selling Usage Data for Device Owners

With micro-mining functions and IOTW rewards, IoT device users are motivated to connect their devices online
and sell their usage data. Device makers, research institutes, government agencies, and other organizations can
purchase such data from us with IOTW tokens. The IOTW tokens are limited in supply, but usage data are
continuously being generated, and organizations will have regular needs of such information. Therefore, as
more and more data are being generated, the demand for IOTW tokens will become higher and higher, creating
a strong support for the value of IOTW tokens.

4

Instant Transactions Made Possible

We have installed our beta software into 1,000 Expressif wireless LAN chipsets and run a number of
demonstrations to interested audiences in Malaysia, China, Hong Kong, and the US. The Expressif family of
chipsets has cumulative sales of over 100 million units, and is still shipping millions of units per month. This is a
clear demonstration of our software’s lightness in very simple chipsets that can be widely found in many IoT
devices.

5

Increasing Target Market of IoT Devices

In order to further increase the number of IoT devices for our blockchain, we have invented a Digital Power
System chipset (“DPS chipset”) that is a low-cost solution to replace traditional analog power systems in small
appliances with digital power systems while giving them connectivity at the same time. We believe the DPS
chipset will be able to see adoption by a certain number of device manufacturers for saving costs while
increasing device functionality. We have already ﬁled a patent for the DPS chipset design. We plan to ﬁle a few
more patents for this new product.

6

Scalability & Sustainability

From the adoption point of view, blockchain should oﬀer very rapid transaction processing speed such that tens
or even hundreds of transactions per second can be entertained. This is the well-known scalability problem that
every blockchain is attempting to tackle. Sharding is one of the most often discussed methods to improve
drastically the capability in terms of transactions per second. We are investigating sharding, as well as other
potential innovative solutions to improve the scalability.
Starting from the formulation of the operating model of IOTW blockchain, recurrent income from transaction
fees as well as service fees for big data are anticipated. Since the IOTW aims at building up a mass network with
millions of IoT devices worldwide, income generated will become substantial once the blockchain ecosystem
becomes well established. It is the target of the IOTW blockchain to become a sustainable ecosystem in the
long run such that transaction and service fees received can cover reward system as well as system
management, maintenance and upgrade, as well as further development.

7

Decentralized Data Hosting

IOTW will develop and expand a decentralized data hosting platform for IoT device manufacturers. IoT device
Manufacturers currently host data on centralized servers while paying high fees that hinders their scalability.
Device manufacturers can end up paying up to $4 per device in a year, resulting in millions of dollars spent on data hosting.
IOTW uses a decentralized network of devices and efficiently utilizes the existing storage and compute of devices to host
Data for such IoT device makers. IOTW also partners with decentralized data hosting platforms to leverage their technology
and provide a cost effective and efficient data hosting capabilities to partner IoT manufacturers. As a result of this, we are
able to significantly reduce data hosting costs by up to 95% to $0.1 - $0.2 per device a year. This will inevitably allow
for reduced prices of devices and increased access.

IOTW Ecosystem

PRODUCTS

Exchange

DATA

Manufacturers

End Users
DATA

BUYING

Power companies
Marketing agents

Mining

Research institutes
Governments
SERVICES
&
DATA PARTS

SERVICES

Service Providers

A
B
C
D

Device users obtain rewards for mining and sales of usage data for IOTW
Manufacturers and service providers purchase usage data with IOTW
Goods and services providers sale through our online mall accep:ng IOTW as payment methods
We will take a percentage as processing fee out of each IOTW transac:on.

PARTS

Competitive Analysis
IOTW

Speciﬁc hardware/CPU required

General purpose

IOTA

IOTex

Must run on their
own CPUs/boards

Mining

Instant transaction

Reward system ﬂexibility

System construction costs

Security

1/100s of normal

Expensive

Expensive

High

Low

High/Medium

Mass deployment partner in semiconductor, IoT hardware industry

Application

Decentralized E-commerce
platform, Payment system,
Big Data Collection,
Other enterprise usages

Micro-transaction

IoT information
exchange with
privacy

Token Utility

Payment,
Micro-transaction,
Purchase of Big Data

Micro-transaction

Unclear

Patents
We have both software and hardware patents. Our software patent relates to our innovative Proof of Assignment
method of mining. We shall provide open license for software and product developers to develop and ship Proof of
Assignment apps in IOTW devices.

Patents

Filing Date

Input Current Proﬁle Control Circuit
(for reduction of THD and silicon EMI ﬁlter)

February 2018 (ﬁled)

An Energy Eﬃcient Mining Algorithm
(PoA)

April 2018 (ﬁled)

System And Method For Securing Blockchain Transactions
(for improving blockchain security against attack)

June 2018 (ﬁled)

Further software patent for blockchain application

October 2018 (expected)

EMI Cancellation Techniques
(for silicon EMI ﬁlter)

October 2018 (expected)

Method to enhance light load eﬃciency

December 2018 (expected)

Further hardware patent on EMI Cancellation Techniques
(for silicon EMI ﬁlter

January 2019 (expected)

Timeline
We have both software and hardware patents. Our software patent relates to our innovative Proof of
Assignment method of mining. We shall provide open license for software and product developers to develop
and ship Proof of Assignment apps in IOTW devices.

Ported miro-mining
ﬁrmware to Espressif and
Realtek Wiﬁ chipset

AI software release for
decentralize shopping and
household comfort optimization

Filed the witnessing
protocol patent

Filed ﬁrst patent of DPS

Announce strategic
partnership with Consta
mobile and California Wine
Co to accept IOTW coins as
payment

1st Q 2018

3rd Q 2018

Filed patent for POA
and micro mining

Target over 100K TPS

DPS chip production

DPS Chip technologies demo

Opensource Market place

Open Source Micro-mining
code

10K micro-mining IoT
device shipped

IEO

Hundreds of thousands to million
IOT devices with IOTW micromining capabilities shipped

2nd Q 2019

2nd Q 2020

2nd Q 2018

4th Q 2018

1st Q 2019

4th Q 2019

4th Q 2020

Demostration of 15
Micro-miners in Penang.

File 2nd patent of DPS

Release main network to
production

End system shipment should
be in tens to hundreds of
thousands

5 to 10 M micro-mining IoT
devices or micro-mining App
shipped

Demonstration of 200
micro-miners in Shenzhen

Announce DPS performance

Consumer products
available for retail
Release ecommerce API and
release ﬁrst ecommerce
marketplace

Big Data Collector release

Release IOTW code for
ﬁrmware update

Millions of semiconductor
chipsets installed with IOTW
micro-mining ﬁrmware

Achieve 1M TPS

100K micro-mining IoT
devices shipped

1

Fred Leung, Founder & CEO
BS, Electrical Engineering & Master, Computer Engineering.
Founder of a number of semi-conductor design companies in Hong Kong
30 years’ experience in semiconductor industry with full exposure to chip set design, production, sales and marketing
Co-inventor of Proof of Assignment for blockchain application
Created the world’s ﬁrst AMD CPU chipset for notebook as working at Acer Labs and pushed Acer Labs’ IPO in
Taiwan. Set up wireless division in Chung Nam Electronics with proﬁtable products accepted by Dell, Lexmark,
Korean Telecom. Owns 10 chip design patents.

2

Marcin Dudar, Founder & Chief Blockchain Officer
20 years’ experience in embedded software for security, semiconductor, set-top box and internet industry with
chip-full exposure to DVBS set-top box IC ﬁrmware, DVBS & internet set-top box control and security software,
internet digital picture frame software, video server database, etc.
Blockchain software expert.
Co-inventor of Proof of Assignment for blockchain application
First person to decrypt Nintendo to create Gaming DVD in Acer Laboratories Inc. CTO of NixPlay. Built US’s
number one Internet Picture Frames. Built both the hardware and software infrastructure with 30 engineers.

3

Peter Chan, Founder and CTO
M.Sc in Electrical & Electronic Engineering.
Founder of Mosway Technologies Limited. 37 years’ experience in semiconductor industry with exposure to
setting up wafer fab, testing laboratories & IC design.
Set up the ﬁrst wafer fab in HK for Elcap Electronics Ltd, experience design in ROM, SRAM, DRAM and a series of
computer chips, e.g. UART, USART, PPI, etc.
Set up and ran an accredited electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) testing Centre in the Hong Kong Productivity Council

4

Tony Chan, Founder & CFO
Bachelor of Business Administration, Master of Accounting Science.
Member of American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), Chartered Management Accountant (CMA), Chartered Financial
Analyst (CFA)
Over 20 years of ﬁnancial markets experience, including front line positions at the investment banking divisions
of major international investment banks including ING Barings, Credit Suisse, Standard Chartered Bank, and
Rabobank, focusing on IPOs, cross-border mergers and acquisitions, and fund-raisings

5

Dr. Patrick Hung, Founder & Control System Advisor
Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University
Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Consultant. Stanford University, Consulting Assistant Professor.
Co-founder / CEO, Alta Sicuro Technology -- cloud and data security.
Principal, Velosti Technology -- fabless IC Design House on high- performance, high-security & low-power solutions.

6

Kartik Mehrotra, Head of Business Development
UC Berkeley graduate in Economics and technology entrepreneurship
Early investor in Ethereum, Bitcoin, Stellar, Neo and Zcash.
Hedge Fund advisor at G2H2 Capital.
Previously, Consultant at Deloitte, consulted for ICOs and Blockchain companies.

References
[BUTE13] Vitalik Buterin. Ethereum: A Next-Generation Generalized Smart Contract and Decentralized
Application Platform, 2013.
[DWOR92] Cynthia Dwork and Moni Naor. Pricing via Processing or Combatting Junk Mail, 1992.
[JAKO99] Markus Jakobsson. Proofs of Work and Bread Pudding Protocols, 1999.
[KING12] Sunny King and Scott Nidal. PPCoin: Peer-to-Peer Crypto-Currency with Proof-of-Stake, 2012.
[LOMP82] Leslie Lamport, Robert Shostak and Marshall Pease. The Byzantine Generals Problem, 1982.
[NAKA08] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System, 2008.
[WOOD18] Gavin Wood. Ethereum: A Secure Decentralised Generalised Transaction Ledger Byzantium Version,
2018.
[ZHAN15] Yu Zhang. An IoT Electric Business Model based on the Protocol of Bitcoin, 2015.
[STATISTA] Internet of Things (IoT) connected devices installed base worldwide from 2015 to 2025 (in billions)

