KIC K v 4.0
K I CK ECOSYSTEM, White Paper v 4.0

1

KICKICO

KICK v 4.0
KICK ECOSYSTEM
Raising Token Fundraising
to a Higher Standard
White Paper v 4.0

December 2018

Content

INTRODUCTION .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 4
ROAD TO v 4.0: KICK ECOSYSTEM
Rise of the ICO.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .6
A Brief History of KICKICO.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 6
Current Climate.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .7
Market Challenges .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 10
Crypto Industry Forecast.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  14

KICK v4.0 - KICK ECOSYSTEM
Overview.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Platforms & Services .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 18

EARNINGS MODEL
KICKONOMY Transactions and Commissions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 30
KickCoin Burn Strategy.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 33
Fiat Support .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 34

TEAM .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 35
KICK Ecosystem Technical Description .  .  .  .  . 38
DISCLAIMER .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 59

3

INTRODUCTION
Since its launch in 2017, KICKICO has been a pioneering force
in improving and popularizing the ICO, bringing improved stability
and security to an otherwise fraught fundraising instrument. But
as the market has evolved, ICOs have run into new challenges,
including increased regulatory scrutiny, predatory exchange
practices, and ICO mispricing, which have dampened excitement
and reduced participation by potential token buyers and by the
startups themselves. Meanwhile, a new instrument has emerged,
the STO (Security Token Offering), which has full regulatory
approval and legal guarantees, but hasn’t yet captured the
public’s imagination or achieved critical mass. And so, as it’s done
many times before, KICKICO leads the charge to usher in the next
wave of growth for token fundraising with its bold new KICK version
4.0 vision.
KICK ECOSYSTEM is a complete fundraising and exchange
ecosystem that raises token sales to a higher standard, driving
them closer in sophistication and security to modern financial
systems. It represents a complete overhaul and expansion that
encompasses an upgraded KICKICO website, a state-of-the-art
exchange (KICKEX), a white label token sale solution (KICKDESK),
STO listing and trading, a unified login system (KICKID), a multicurrency wallet (KICKWALLET), a crypto payment gateway
(KICKPAY), ad network integration (KICKCPA), a referral network
(KICKREF), a comprehensive app (KICKMOBILE), and new exchange
pricing innovations (AICO and IECO). At the center of this vertically
integrated ecosystem is one of the most exciting coins in crypto,
KickCoin, which expands to fill new use cases in our ever-growing
KICKONOMY.

4

KICK ECOSYSTEM will revitalize how tokens and coins are
offered, bought, and sold for startups and token buyers. It will
address and solve many of today’s ICO market challenges. It
will push STOs into the mainstream. And, ultimately, it will make
a transformative impact in how startups are funded around the
globe.

5

ROAD TO v 4.0: KICK ECOSYSTEM

Rise of the ICO
One of the most disruptive concepts to emerge from the rise
of blockchain technology is the Initial Coin Offering, or ICO. The
ICO gives cutting-edge blockchain startups from around the
world an exciting new way to raise capital that crosses all borders
and is open to anyone, regardless of wealth, connections,
or banking status.
In 2013 Mastercoin held the very first ICO, and in the five short
years since then, ICOs have raised more than $13 billion, with
roughly three projects launching every day in 2018. ICOs have
even eclipsed angel investing and venture capital as a primary
source of financing for blockchain startups.
During the early days of the blockchain revolution, running
an ICO was both time-consuming and fraught: hackers, bugs,
and usability hazards were just a few of the very real and everpresent threats. Worse, there was no consistency on how an ICO
was conducted: every startup had its own rules and customcoded fundraising pages, leading to mass confusion, fraud, and
a high likelihood of error.
Then, KICKICO emerged.

A Brief History of KICKICO
Development began on KICKICO in 2015 and the platform
officially launched in 2017, just as ICOs were beginning

6

to accelerate in number and fundraising scope. That KICKICO
became a pioneering success story wasn’t unexpected: it solved
real, urgent problems for blockchain startups wishing to raise
capital and for token investors who were otherwise vulnerable.
It made the experience of participating in an ICO safer, more
consistent, and much easier at a time when 1,000 different things
could and often would go wrong.
Since its launch, KICKICO has been responsible for funding
35 successful startups, including big names like INS, Micromoney,
Hacken, and Universa, and raising just shy of 800,000 ETH
among them. KICKICO is now a global, active community
of 22,000 people, thousands of whom attend the company’s
annual Cryptospace Moscow event.
But market conditions have changed dramatically since
KICKICO’s founding, with a new instrument in the STO, and new,
urgent challenges facing traditional ICOs.

Current Climate
The ICO market today is much different today than when
KICKICO was founded. A new instrument, the STO, is rapidly
emerging, and the shape and size of ICO fundraising has shifted.
Rise of the Security Token Offering
The Security Token Offering, or STO, is a disruptive variant of the
ICO that treats coins and tokens as securities rather than utilities.
The STO is favored by regulatory agencies, offers participants
many of the same benefits and legal guarantees that they
receive with the stock market, and gives startups peace of mind
that they won’t be penalized by their government down the road
for token fundraising. Some predict that the STO may one day

7

replace the ICO; others go further, saying that the STO may even
replace the IPO (Initial Public Offering).
The STO isn’t a good fit for everyone. Not every blockchain token
is a security and STOs require a lot more red tape and legal
expense than traditional ICOs. Had Ethereum conducted an STO
instead of an ICO, for example, it is doubtful that they would
be as prominent as they are today.
STOs are still in their infancy. There’s no platform standard yet
and the instrument hasn’t captured the public’s imagination, like
the ICO. But whether or not you’re in favor of the securitization
of token fundraising, you can probably agree that the STO will
expand the investor pool and attract institutional investors who
would otherwise sit out.
ICO Market Size Shifts
The traditional ICO market has shifted quit a bit since 2017 and
continues to shift. The following three charts provide a quick and
helpful overview of the current ICO climate.

8

The chart above displays the amount of money raised per month
by traditional ICOs, in millions of dollars. You’ll note that the
fundraising amount rose throughout 2017 to peak in December
2017 and then declined back down to the current month (at the
time of writing), forming a neat pyramid.

This second chart tells a different story. It shows the number
of ICOs that have launched each month. You’ll remember that
in the previous chart, which showed the monthly fundraising
totals, December 2017 was the peak period for 2017. But in this
chart, December 2017 isn’t even in the top-3. In fact, the top-3
months are all in 2018, peaking in January! Far from showing
an ongoing decline, this chart shows the ICO market to be
healthy and stable. What’s most remarkable about this chart is
that companies today are much more conservative about their
ICOs than they were in the past, so for the number to be stable
is a positive sign.

9

The third and final chart demonstrates the real problem with the
ICO market. It’s not that ICOs are no longer popular, it’s that the
amount of money each ICO is raising has declined substantially.
This decline is happening on both sides of the table: startups are
turning away capital and potential token sale participants are
sitting out. In the next section we’ll go over the reasons why this
is happening.

Market Challenges
Why are ICOs raising less money per startup? Before getting into
some of the biggest reasons, it’s worth remembering that ICOs
are still in their early days. We have many years to go before
they reach their true potential and comparing 2018 to the wildly
speculative bubble in 2017 simply isn’t fair. That said, here are
major causes for the decline.

10

Regulatory Concerns
In 2017, ICOs were the regulatory Wild West. Governments were
playing catch-up and hadn’t issued any sort of guidance,
so startups saw a limited window of opportunity to fundraise
aggressively and take advantage of free-flowing capital
before regulations tightened. Their hope was that they could
get grandfathered in when regulations did appear. In their
rush to take advantage of the market frenzy, many ICOs didn’t
even bother retaining legal counsel. While almost all startups
advertised that only certain people could participate in their
ICOs (e.g., those in certain countries), they didn’t enforce this
requirement and accepted money from everyone.
2018 is a different story. Certain countries have banned ICOs,
KYC/AML is the industry norm, and governments across the
world have even forced some ICOs to issue refunds to their token
buyers. Serious startups are now erring on the side of caution and
imposing stricter requirements on who can participate in their
ICOs. They are also raising less money to stay under the radar.
Fraudulent ICOs
Fraudulent ICOs continue to proliferate. In the beginning of 2018,
Bitconnect, a top-25 market cap project, was shut down
as a ponzi scheme. That was one high profile case, but there are
many more documented instances of teams raising money for
their ICOs and then disappearing soon after. In fact, according
to Fortune, 60% of 2017 ICOs have vanished. Fraudulent ICOs
have impacted both sides of the market. Some blockchain
startups are skipping them altogether because they’re nervous
about reputational risk and don’t want to be lumped in with the
scams. And potential investors are increasingly jaded and, since
they don’t know who to trust, they’re trusting no one.

11

Other Fraudulent Activity
Even if an ICO is trustworthy, there are no shortage of scams
surrounding them. Hackers set up fake Telegram accounts,
spoof emails, and clone websites to trick people into sending
their money to the wrong fundraising wallet address. Or the
hackers will target the startups directly and compromise, their
poorly coded smart contracts. It’s no surprise then that many
people, who have perhaps been burned before, no longer wish
to participate in ICOs at all.
Too Much Noise
There are no shortage of low-quality ICOs with overly optimistic
or imaginary blockchain use cases. It seems that for every
possible industry or niche there are dozens of startups competing
and it’s impossible for even a veteran crypto enthusiast
to decipher the difference between the best of them and the
worst of them. The sheer number of blockchain startups is also
intimidating for the entrepreneur, who might find it easier
to reach and convince a handful of whale investors rather than
attract and manage thousands of smaller investors.
ICO Pricing
The way that ICO tokens are priced today is broken. The startup
guesses at a fixed valuation that’s often overly optimistic and
higher than what the market can bear. Then, when their token
lists on an exchange, the market pushes the price down and all
ICO participants suffer. In fact, most ICOs now trade below their
offering price. This pricing mismatch raises a compelling question:
why should someone participate in an ICO when the odds are
high that they can just buy the coin or token on an exchange
afterward for cheaper than the original ICO price?

12

Private Sales
Before their public sale, most ICOs hold private sales, where they
sell tokens to a private group of accredited investors at a large
discount. These private sales are invite-only and their pricing
terms are often confidential, so public sale buyers have no idea
whether the private sale discount was small or large, and whether
the private sale investors were put under any sort of lock-up. One
of the risks for public sale participants is that once their project
hits the open market, earlier private sale buyers who received
a large discount and who aren’t locked-up will dump on them
and drive the token’s price into freefall. Unfortunately, private
buyers dumping on public buyers is the norm for ICOs.
Predatory Exchange Practices
When someone invests in an ICO, they do so with the expectation
that their token will list on a trusted exchange, so that they can
easily exit out of their position in the future. But major exchanges
don’t make the listing process easy. They charge draconian fees,
cut backroom deals, and sometimes keep quality projects in
limbo forever. There’s very little transparency about the process,
so it’s often wiser to wait until a token hits a major exchange
before buying it than participating pre-exchange listing.
Shifting Quality Standards
Given many of the challenges above, for an ICO to be
a blockbuster success today, it needs to meet a higher quality
standard than the startups of last year. The startup must have
more than a fancy whitepaper; it needs a working product
or vetted testnet, a proven team, a solid business model, and
the support of one or more established organizations. This high
standard rules out a lot of startups, who will turn to STOs, private
sales, and venture funding.

13

Combined, the market challenges we discussed have caused
individuals to forego the ICO and have caused the startups
running them to turn away capital. Now that we’ve covered the
present, here’s a forecast of where the market is headed in the
near-term future.

Crypto Industry Forecast
Back in Fall 2017, KICKICO predicted publicly that the ICO market
would contract and face near-collapse in 2018. This prediction
turned out to be prescient, as we discussed earlier, and we were
prepared for the downturn. Now, as 2018 nears its close, we’ve
built a thesis for the coming years ahead and used that thesis
to inform the development of KICK ECOSYSTEM. Here is what we
expect to happen:
Great ICOs Will Still Raise Money
There will always be a market for great ICOs, which are
defined as having a working product, a solid business model,
an experienced team, a legitimate token economy, and the
potential to break into the Top 100. Such projects will offer leapforward technology and frequently exist on the infrastructure
level to replace previous-generation blockchain platforms like
Ethereum.
Most Niche ICOs Will Fail, But Some Will Succeed
Great ICOs will command disproportionate attention in the
coming years and the majority of smaller, niche ICOs will fail. That
said, there will still be success stories among niche ICOs, just like
there are occasional success stories among indie crowdfunding
campaigns. We anticipate the video game industry to be

14

a lucrative breeding ground for successful niche ICOs, because
player bases are highly motivated, are accustomed to buying
virtual items, and will find immediate value in their favorite game’s
token.
STO Boom
The next crypto bull run will be driven by STOs. STOs will infuse
the industry with new funding from large, institutional investors
by giving them the legal peace-of-mind they need to invest.
STOs will have far more applications than ICOs: any company
can create a security token, whether it’s blockchain-based or not,
dramatically expanding the pool. And the value of a security
token is more tangible and easily communicated to investors than
a utility token, since it represents equity and profit-sharing.
One of the biggest complaints against STOs is that it currently
blocks everyday, non-accredited investor from participating. This
will change though with new laws, brokers, and agencies.
From a startup’s perspective, STOs will be exponentially cheaper
and easier than preparing for an IPO or fundraising from venture
capital sources.
Traditional Venture Investing Will Decline
Startups will increasingly shift to crowdfunding over traditional,
venture-based financing sources. Raising money from VCs
is prohibitive for many early-stage firms, since it often requires
being based in certain geographic regions, having founders
from certain schools, having the right network, and having
the time necessary to pitch day and night for months on end.
Worse, entering into a relationship with a VC firm is like entering
a marriage: some VC firms add tremendous value while others
destroy the business.

15

Exchange Collapse
If 2017 was the year of the ICO, 2018 was the year of the
cryptocurrency exchange. There is currently a bubble in the
number of exchanges being funded and rushed to market and
many of these exchanges won’t survive increased regulatory
monitoring and scrutiny, nor will they meet new licensing
standards. The market can’t support 1,000 different exchanges;
no token buyer wants to juggle dozens of exchange accounts.
We’re going to see the exchange bubble burst in 2019 and 2020
with large-scale exchange closures and consolidations.
New Crypto Financial Instruments Will Emerge
We’re still in the early days of tokenized fundraising. As such,
new crypto financial instruments beyond the ICO and STO will
emerge over the next few years, perhaps involving unique debt
instruments. These instruments will launch alongside the next
generation of blockchain products, like KICKPAY, which will favor
real-world usage over token gimmicks.
KICK ECOSYSTEM was designed to address the current ICO/STO
climate and maximally exploit these future trends.

16

KICK v4.0 - KICK ECOSYSTEM

Overview
KICK ECOSYSTEM is a complete fundraising and exchange
ecosystem that is secure, easy to use, and community driven.
It was engineered to solve the current challenges facing
the ICO market that have led to decreased participation
by cryptocurrency startups and by token buyers. It introduces
support for the rapidly rising STO instrument. It raises token
fundraising to a higher standard that will usher in the next wave
of growth for the industry. It brings new token buyers into the fold
and attracts high-profile crypto projects who might otherwise
have exclusively done a private sale. Through it all, it brings trust
back into the marketplace.
The KICK ECOSYSTEM consists of ten different components:
KICKICO
KICKID
KICKWALLET
KICKEX
KICKDESK
NEW PRICING MODELS: AICO AND EICO
KICKPAY
KICKCPA
KICKREF
KICKMOBILE

17

While KICK ECOSYSTEM’s accepts 12 different cryptocurrencies
alongside pending fiat support, it’s primary cryptocurrency is
KickCoin, which sits at the center of the KICKICO economy, or
KICKONOMY for short.

Platforms & Services
KICKID
KICKID is the glue that binds the KICK ECOSYSTEM together. When
you login to one platform on the network, you automatically login
to all platforms for a seamless experience. KICKID will become an
open standard where other platforms can leverage our member
base and authentication technology and in turn grow the
ecosystem for everyone. For maximum usability and reach, KICKID
will support email login, Facebook login, and Gmail login.
KICKID’s most important benefit is its “qualified participant”
designation. Today, taking part in multiple ICOs means submitting
the same KYC and local government requirements over and over
again and trusting that your account is verified securely and in
time for the token sale. With KICKID, once you pass verification,
your account is permanently in the clear to take part in the KICK
ECOSYSTEM and across all KICKID-enabled platforms.
KICKICO
KICKICO is our flagship platform. It connects startups looking
to fundraise with token buyers who are interested in participating.
Its components include:
STO support: Earlier, we discussed the rise and game-changing
potential of the STO fundraising instrument (see “Rise of the
Security Token Offering”). We are thrilled to announce that
KICKICO will embrace the STO with its full support, allowing them

18

to run alongside normal ICOs.
ICO listing and management: KICKICO gives blockchain startups
all the tools they need to securely run and market their ICO,
as well as keep in touch with the community that forms around
that ICO. Startups don’t need to worry about their fundraising
pages being hacked or their wallet funds being compromised
because of KICKICO’s bank-grade security.
Innovative rating and review system: KICKICO is overhauling
its rating system to bring increased trust to token sales. Rather
than simply rating a project on a numerical scale, members write
detailed reviews. Then, other members rate those reviews up
or down. The better a review’s grade, the higher impact it will
have on the aggregate project score. Furthermore, the reviewers
themselves are also rated, ensuring that the most credible
of them rise to the top. This system is inspired by IMDB and
is much less susceptible to fraud and manipulation than onedimensional scoring.
Reputation system: Every member on KICKICO has a reputation
score that’s influenced by their many actions across the
community, from writing a well-received review to supporting
a campaign. The members who rise to the top of KICKICO’s
reputation rankings will become known as crypto opinion leaders
and influencers, and they’ll receive special platform perks, such
as increased voting power.
Readiness testing: Blockchain startups can test the waters
before launching their token sale, engaging with KICKICO’s
expert community to see if they’re ready for market. This will save
startups significant time and money on market research and
prevent them from launching a campaign only to have it fail.

19

Services marketplace: It takes a lot of effort to run successful
token sale. KICKICO will be home to an integrated network of
third-party companies and services that will help startups meet
all their token sale needs. Categories will include legal counsel,
translation services, writing, marketing, and graphic design, and
many others. Members can rate and review these providers and
all services will be priced in KickCoin.
Project discovery: The token sales that list on KICKICO are all
vetted by our team and thoroughly reviewed and rated by the
community. Potential project participants can use KICKICO as an
easy way to discover quality projects that they might normally
have never run into. We will employ smart filtering for easy
navigation.
Chat: KICKICO has one of the largest and most engaged
communities in blockchain. With version 4.0, it introduces robust
chat features to better connect and expand that community.
Members can direct message one-another, create and join
group chats, and ask projects and the KICK team their most
pressing questions. KICKICO’s chat features will provide
a superior alternative to juggling multiple Telegram, WeChat,
and WhatsApp accounts.
Integrated advertising: As a full-service platform, KICKICO lets
startups instantly promote their token sales or KICKEX trading
pairs by running banners across the KICKICO ecosystem and
across multiple CPA advertising networks. Startups will be able
to fund their advertising wallet, upload ad creatives, choose
which CPA networks they wish to activate, fine-tune their
advertising preferences, and then sit back and watch quality,
targeted traffic come in. This will be the first crypto-focused
advertising tool in the world.

20

KICKEX
KICK version 4.0 introduces a robust, centralized exchange,
KICKEX. KICKEX will take everything that we’ve learned over
the years from building and running KICKICO and layer in new
innovations to create a next generation exchange.
KICKEX will live on its own domain name, kickex.com and
on the subdomains, ex.kickico.com and kickex.kickico.com.
Its components will include:
ICO and STO support: Like KICKICO, KICKEX will embrace
the emerging STO fundraising instrument and allow both
utility tokens and security tokens to list and trade side-byside. By supporting security tokens, we anticipate that serious
institutional and corporate money will flow into KICKEX, as these
entities are more risk-averse and will value the equity, dividends,
and legal guarantees that security tokens provide. STO support
will also future-proof KICKEX in the event that the STO becomes
the dominant token fundraising method in blockchain, as some
experts predict.
Support for all major currencies: At launch, KICKEX will support
all major cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, XLM, USDT, TUSD,
ADA, ZRX, DOGE, XMR, EOS, LTC, DASH, XRP, NEO, NEM, KICK, and
WRL, with many more to follow.
Zero commission trading: KICKEX is 100% commission-free
for traders, makers, and takers. Unlike other exchanges that
advertise they’re commission-free (e.g., Robinhood exchange),
KICKEX does not sell customer order flow, which results
in customers paying more money per trade than they would
otherwise and operates as a hidden commission. KICKEX
is a transparent exchange that always puts the interests
of its members above all else.

21

Bank-grade security: Through KICKICO, our team has securely
managed nearly 800,000 ETH worth of transactions. We are
leveraging that experience and adopting industry best practices
from the banking industry in order to create the most secure
crypto exchange in the world. Member deposits will be monitored
by a combination of personnel and artificial intelligence and any
flagged transactions will be reviewed by a dedicated financial
monitoring team. We’re employing multiple-layer account
bookkeeping to prevent potential fraud and unauthorized
account withdrawals. And we have the benefit of hindsight,
being able to look at the successes and shortcomings of existing
exchanges.
Fiat acceptance: For KICKEX to achieve critical mass and attract
institutional interest, it must accept fiat currencies. This is no
easy task in the global and ambiguously regulated world we
live in, which is why so few exchanges offer fiat support, but
we are working hard to set the legal and technical foundations
for becoming a fiat gateway.
Mainstream meets professional: KICKICO dramatically
streamlined and improved the experience of participating in an
ICO. Now, we’re bringing that UX and design expertise to KICKEX
to create a more elegant, usable, and accessible exchange. But
KICKEX doesn’t stop there, it also offers full-time and institutional
traders a separate, professional-grade interface, increasing
KICKEX’s overall market potential.
Fair and transparent listing process: KICKEX strongly opposes
current exchange practices that obfuscate and complicate the
process of listing a token. These practices are harmful to the
entire industry: they scare away potential token sale participants
who would rather wait and see what exchanges their token
gets listed on first, and they waste valuable time and money
from already resource-strapped startups. In contrast to these

22

practices, KICKEX’s listing process will be fair, affordable, and
transparent.
Scalable, robust tech: Most cryptocurrency exchanges today
were launched quickly to take advantage of growing demand.
Their rush to market has led to suboptimal code, which has
caused sluggishness and disruptive maintenance and upgrade
downtime windows. KICKEX was created deliberately from
the ground up to scale. It utilizes the Internet Backbone High
Bandwidth channels, industrial servers, and routers to ensure
a fast, secure, and reliable experience. And it will never disrupt
trading by suddenly going offline for upgrades and routine
maintenance.
Detailed reporting: Traders have access to detailed data,
reporting, and analytics similar to what they find on the biggest
stock market platforms, like NASDAQ. Traders can use this data
to research their next moves, gauge the current market, and
assess their past performance. Traders can easily aggregate
their annual trading data for convenient tax returns, instead of
relying on third-party software.
Professional trading tools: In addition to being easy to use for
mainstream traders, KICKEX offers full-time and institutional
traders a separate, professional-grade interface with all the
features they need to succeed. KICKEX supports market orders,
limit orders, stop orders, stop limit orders, and trailing stop
orders. It includes fundamental analysis tools, such as a news
aggregator and economic calendar. And it offers powerful charts
perfect for technical analysts, with market depth, indicators,
cluster analysis, and a trading risk calculator.
Process automation: KICKEX streamlines and automates many
of the manual, labor-intensive backend and workflow processes
that bottleneck other exchanges. This will lead to a superior

23

product experience and industry-leading customer service.
We will share more details about this at a later time to preserve
KICKICO’s competitive edge.
API support with market transparency: Like other leading
exchanges, KICKICO lets traders and developers access its
platform via high-performance APIs. Unlike other exchanges,
KICKICO reports on the breakdown between exchange trades
and API trades, giving transparency into which trade volumes
are manually executed and which are bot-based.
KICKDESK
Many startups prefer to run their token sales on their own
website, with their own branding, rather than host them on
another platform and send traffic elsewhere. To support these
startups, we’re introducing KICKDESK, a white label solution
that cleanly integrates into any website. KICKDESK will greatly
expand KICKICO’s reach across the web and bring new people
into the KICKICO ecosystem. It includes the following features.
Easy, white label integration: Startups can run their ICO or STO
on their own website, retaining all traffic and keeping their
branding and style intact.
KICKEX autolisting and auction pricing: Every token sale that
runs through KICKDESK automatically lists on KICKEX in a special
section, vastly expanding the participant pool. This synergy with
KICKEX also opens the door to the next generation AICO and
EICO pricing mechanisms that we will discuss soon (not valid for
STOs).
Detailed analytics: KICKDESK logs all interactions and sends
them to the startup’s KICKICO dashboard, so that the startup
can monitor their ICO or STO progress in real time and make
campaign and marketing adjustments on the fly.

24

Compliant: Startups don’t need to worry about KYC/AML laws
because KICKDESK is already integrated with identity verification
services through KICKID, making compliance automatic.
Hosting: While KICKDESK lives on the startup’s website, customer
data is still securely hosted in KICKICO’s database for easy
access and management. Startups don’t need to worry about
security and data-hosting compliance.
Creating a positive feedback loop: Every startup that uses
KICKDESK for its token sale promotes the entire KICKICO network,
creating a bigger pool of potential backers, which in turn creates
more success stories.
KICKICO community and marketing: Campaigns using KICKDESK
receive access to KICKICO’s community and database, ensuring
that their campaign reaches a vast new group of potential
backers.
NEW PRICING MODELS: AICO AND EICO
AICO, Auction-based Initial Coin Offering, is a term we use for
our newly invented concept of a fair price token sale (ICO or
STO), in which the price of tokens offered is not fixed by the
ICO/STO, but is instead a bid-based auction. This concept is
intended to prevent the overestimated token prices plaguing the
global market and drive them to an equilibrium between supply
offered and demand generated.
The AICO is the biggest change KICKICO offers to token
fundraising. Unlike the traditional model, in which members are
just buyers of tokens at a fixed price, AICO’s innovative auction
mechanics enable a token’s price to form organically by the
market. Members will place publicly visible bids, informing value
and increasing transparency of the entire process.

25

The potential this has to drive up confidence in engaging with
token fundraising cannot be overstated. With this increased
transparency backers can act with more confidence that the
tokens they want to support will not just plummet in value once
leaving the ICO. Thus, they are more likely to engage with the
project, rather than letting it die on the vine, for fear of how the
greater market will react.
In this new design, a token sale creator will place lots available
for the public to purchase, each lot having an expiration date:
once the expiration happens, the bid with the highest value
buys the token, and the next lot/token will go up for sale.
A lot that is underpriced will be corrected upward, a lot that
is overestimated will drop in value. Such design will allow the
market to automatically and organically regulate itself, without
the token price being under- or overestimated.
While the AICO is an essential part of KICK version 4.0, and
something the entire team cannot wait to implement, we consider
it only the first step on the path of developing a healthy system of
interaction between token sale creators and backers, one that will
regulate the token price in accordance with market demand.
In the future, we will introduce the Initial Exchange Coin Offering
(IECO) concept to the public, which will combine the principles
of AICO with the functionality of KICKEX. In this design, the
tokensale process will be based on the normal trade system of
an exchange. Basically, allowing fundraising to happen freely on
a market exchange. This process could democratize even further
how projects all around the world get funded.
KICKWALLET
KICKWALLET is a standalone cryptocurrency wallet that supports
every currency on the KICK ecosystem and seamlessly integrates

26

with every KICK service: KICKICO, KICKEX, KICKDESK, KICKPAY,
and the rest.
KICKWALLET offers lite-exchange functionality for those who
don’t want to spend time navigating a traditional exchange
experience. It can be used to quickly buy, sell, or convert crypto.
Across the KICK network, KICKWALLET can be used to send and
receive funds, for example to participate in an ICO, to pay a
service provider, or to receive ICO contributions.
Of course, KICKWALLET supports sending and receiving funds to
wallet addresses outside of the KICK ecosystem. It also supports
integrating external wallet private keys, which are securely
encrypted, for quick account balance top-ups.
We anticipate that many people will use KICKWALLET as their
preferred cryptocurrency wallet, even if they don’t otherwise
participate in the KICK ecosystem.
KICKPAY
KICKPAY is a cryptocurrency payment gateway that lets online
merchants easily get paid in crypto, expanding their revenue
potential. KICKPAY accepts all major cryptocurrencies and, once
the KICKONOMY can transact in fiat, will be able to replace
existing fiat payment solutions as well. KICKPAY has everything
merchants need, from a well-documented API to payment
reports.
KICKPAY utilizes KICKID and KICKWALLET, so customers can
login to their existing accounts to pay merchants quickly and
efficiently.
KICKPAY is a revenue-driver for KICK ECOSYSTEM because
merchants pay a small transaction fee on all sales.

27

KICKCPA
KICKCPA enables CPA (cost per acquisition) ad networks
to deliver traffic to any service in the KICK ecosystem, such
as KICKICO, KICKEX, WHIRL, and others. Eventually, KICKCPA will
evolve into its own standalone CPA network.
KICKREF
Every member in the KICK ecosystem can create their own
personalized referral links to different parts of the network, such
as KICKICO, KICKICO ICO and STO campaigns, KICKEX, and the
service provider network. If someone clicks a referral link, joins
the KICK ecosystem, and then makes a transaction, the link
creator earns a referral commission.
Referral commissions are persistent and they extend down two
levels: to the people referred people refer and to the people
those people refer. For example, if you refer Peter, and Peter
refers Paul, and Paul refers Anna, you earn a referral commission
on Peter’s transactions, a smaller one on Paul’s transactions, and
an even smaller one on Anna’s transactions.
Referral commissions are modest, so as not to limit KICK’s
own growth, but for members who are great evangelists and
marketers, it could be wind up being a significant source
of passive income.
KICKMOBILE
KICKMOBILE is KICK’s ambitious, all-encompassing mobile
app that combines full ecosystem functionality with expanded
features like news, articles, chat, and portfolio tracking.
KICKMOBILE has every feature from KICKICO, KICKEX, KICKID,
KICKWALLET built in for quick and easy mobile access. It can

28

also be used as an alternative to chat apps and supports direct
messaging, groups, KICK support, and ICO/STO owner support.
The most popular crypto apps on mobile are portfolio tracking
apps, like Delta and Blockfolio. KICKMOBILE will enter this market
with comprehensive portfolio tracking and charting features
that support cryptocurrencies outside of the KICK ecosystem.
Members will be able to setup pricing alarms, notifications, and
leverage KICKEX to make instant trades.
Down the pipeline, KICKMOBILE will support news and article
aggregation.
With all its features taken together, KICKMOBILE will become the
definitive app for cryptocurrency enthusiasts around the world.

29

EARNINGS MODEL
KICKICO’s ecosystem economy, KICKONOMY, supports many
different cryptocurrencies but has one coin, KickCoin, at its
center. KickCoin will grant holders special discounts when used
and will be required exclusively for certain transactions. Users
can purchase KickCoin on KICKEX or other exchanges and earn
KickCoin for contributing to the ecosystem.

KICKONOMY Transactions and Commissions
KICKONOMY transactions include, but are not limited to:
KICKICO Platform Listing Fees
Every project must pay a listing fee in order to launch on the
KICKICO platform. Listing fees will begin at $5,000, which is
affordable for serious projects yet out of reach for fly-by-night
projects, scam projects, or projects without a substantial business
model. Listing fees will be paid exclusively in KickCoin.
KICKICO Service Provider Network
To help startups meet all of their ICO and STO needs, KICKICO
includes a directory of 3rd party service providers, spanning
lawyers, writers, graphic designers, marketers, and many others.
These service providers will price their offerings in KickCoin and
KICKICO will take a commission from each deal, burning received
tokens with the burn strategy described in the next section. This
directory will be accessible to any startup, regardless of whether
or not they’re hosted on KICKICO.

30

KICKICO’s service provider network meets an unmet need in the
crypto community and we anticipate that many startups will use
it independent of the rest of the KICK ecosystem.
KICKICO Promo Placement
Anyone on KICKICO can fund their advertising wallet with
KickCoin, upload ad creatives, and runs their ads across the
network, with the most coveted spot being a large unit above
all campaigns on the KICKICO site. This advertising can be used
to promote anything: an ICO, a blog, a service provider, a trading
pair, or a news story.
KICKEX Listing Fees
Similar to KICKICO, KICKEX will require a listing fee, ranging from
$25,000 to $100,000, that’s paid exclusively in KickCoin. This
listing fee will be calculated based on many factors, including the
size and reputation of the project and the difficulty our engineers
will have integrating the coin into KICKEX (e.g., ERC-20 tokens
are trivial to integrate, whereas protocol coins are more difficult).
Beyond that, KICKEX will require additional fees for every listing
trading pair the startup wishes to create.
KICKEX Pro Account
Members can spend KickCoin to upgrade their account to prolevel and unlock exclusive features. These features include a pro
interface, API trading access, additional trading instruments, live
news feeds, and access to special statistics and reports.
KICKEX Automatic Trading Contests
Top traders will have the chance to win KickCoin in frequent
exchange trading competitions. These contests will gamify

31

trading, nurture the community, and generate camaraderie and
friendly competition.
KICKEX Highlights
A startup can pay to have their project featured prominently
on KICKEX to increase its discoverability and liquidity. Payments
for featured placements will be done in KickCoin with the same
burn strategy described in the next section. Because featured
placement slots are limited, we anticipate high demand and
robust pricing.
KICKEX REPORTS
KICKEX offers professional-grade data, reporting, and analytics
tools for serious independent and institutional traders. Some
of these reports will be pay-only and priced in KickCoin.
KICKEX API ACCESS
Companies or traders who wish to access KICKEX’s powerful
trading API will pay a monthly subscription fee that’s paid
exclusively in KickCoin. This API will support algorithmic trading,
cross-exchange trading, and many more features.
KICKEX WHITE LABEL
Any company can launch a next-generation cryptocurrency
exchange by licensing KICKEX’s technology. They pay only an
installation fee and a yearly licensing fee.
KICKEX WHITE LABEL was designed to get up and running quickly
and integrates with KICKICO ecosystem tools like KICKID, for easy
login and KYC, and KICKWALLET, for crypto and fiat processing
and billing.

32

KICKEX WHITE LABEL is fully customizable. Even though KICKEX
does not charge trade commissions, KICKEX WHITE LABEL allows
customers to set their own maker/taker commissions.
The installation and licensing fees for KICKEX WHITE LABEL can
be paid in different currencies, but paying in KickCoin will grant
a significant discount. KickCoin received in this way will be
burned according to the strategy described below.
KICKPAY COMMISSIONS
KICKPAY is a cryptocurrency payment gateway that any online
merchant can use to get paid in crypto. KICK takes a small
commission on every payment that runs through KICKPAY, and
any payment made with KickCoin will follow the burn strategy
described in the next section.
These are just a subset of the many transaction types that will
live across the KICKONOMY. More will be added over time as the
ecosystem expands.

KickCoin Burn Strategy
All KICKONOMY commissions received in KickCoin will be burned.
In the beginning, 100% of coins received in this way will be burned
with a verifiable smart contract call. Later, when at least 50%
of all KickCoin have been removed from the market, the burn rate
will halve, helping fund the next wave of platform innovation.
KickCoin’s aggressive burn strategy and its many valuable use
cases across the KICKONOMY will create strong demand for the
token. Startups and token sale participants will hunt for KickCoin
on exchanges to pay for the many features and benefits offered.
These forces will combine to make KickCoin into one of the most
sought-after currencies in crypto.

33

Future Blockchain Development
Though KickCoin is a token on the Ethereum blockchain, we
are laying the groundwork to create our own proprietary, nextgeneration blockchain that will utilize KickCoin as its platform
coin. This new blockchain will address many of the problems that
we’ve seen first-hand from existing blockchains and will focus
on the specific needs of business and government. When our
new blockchain launches, all KICKONOMY tokens, such as KICK
and WRL, as well partner tokens, will be ported to the platform,
boosting us to the top of the coin rankings.

Fiat Support
For the KICKONOMY to reach its full potential, it needs
an audience that goes beyond hardcore cryptocurrency
enthusiasts; it needs mainstream and large-scale institutional
support. The key to winning these audiences is to accept fiat
currency, so we are working aggressively on the legal and
technical structures necessary for that.
Once the KICKONOMY integrates fiat support, it will increase
the fundraising size of ICOs and STOs as new capital flows in.
It will also give KICK platforms and services a significant and
sustainable competitive edge.

34

TEAM
KICK ECOSYSTEM introduces a refreshed and streamlined team
under the leadership and vision of original co-founder Anti
Danilevski.

Executive Team
Anti A. Danilevski, CEO & Founder
Anti Danilevski is an early blockchain pioneer, investor,
crowdfunding evangelist, and speaker. He founded KICKICO
in 2017 and grew it to a community of more than 100,000 crypto
investors, helping startups raise more than 800,000 ETH. Anti
was only 14 years old when he began his tech career, first
as a videogame designer and then as a producer.
Alex Sadonov, COO
Experienced Operation and Project Director with a demonstrated
history of working in the telecommunications and online
industry with more than 20 years experience. Strong operations
professional skilled in Digital Platforms and Strategy, Online
Gaming and VAS Projects.
Former VAS Projects Director of PAO “Rostelecom” - the biggest
Russia telecommunications company. He has successfully
launched games platforms in Rambler and MailRu Group
companies. Experienced Operation and Project Director
with a demonstrated history of working in the biggest Russia
telecommunications company.

35

Eugene Zykov, CTO
Eugene Zykov is a CTO with more than 12 years experience
in financial companies at the top IT positions. He have portfolio
of successfully completed projects like implementations core
banking systems, retail online-banking services, build a high
performance and scalable IT infrastructure and IT consulting
for top Russian banks. Eugene is high qualificated in software
development and IT management. Last several years have
worked with crypto and blockchain industry.
Roel Wolfert, Advisor
Roel Wolfert is a senior executive in the FinTech world, with
positions at Qoin, VGRIP and Bancor. He has more than 20 years
of global experience in the world of finance and payments
having worked on key industry initiatives including SEPA, CLS,
Contactless. Roel has an MA in Economics from Maastricht
University, and an Executive degree in Innovation from the Haas
School of Business at UC Berkeley. Roel was one of KICKICO’s
original advisors.

Engineering Team
Led by CTO Eugene Zykov, KICKICO’s engineering team is one
of the largest and most experienced in blockchain. It is currently
made up of 20 full-time programmers and will expand to more
than 30 within the next 6 months.
At this time our IT-team separated by key groups: KICKICO (also
KIKCREF, KICKCPA, KICKDESK) consist of six professionals: 2
senior back-end developers, 1 senior front-end, 2 middle frontend developers, 1 full stack developer. KICKID/KICKWALLET
team consist of 1 team-leader, 2 senior GOlang/C++ developers,

36

2 blockchain engineers. KICKEX/KICKPAY team consist of highly
qualified in banking systems team-lead/IT-architect, 2 senior
GOlang/C++ developers and 2 front-end developers. Also team
have 2 DevOps engineers and 1 IT-infrastructure engineer and
2 QA engineers.

37

KICK Ecosystem Technical Description

KICK ECOSYSTEM Layer
The KICK ecosystem supports all major cryptocurrency use cases
under one unified architecture, in addition to supporting fiat
payments for certain transactions.

Financial Accounting Model
Transactions across KICK are managed on the same financial
accounting plane. This ensures that financial operations between
multiple KICK services don’t require transferring funds between
them, increasing system efficiency and reliability.

Technical cash flow pattern

In the above diagram, you’ll note that KICK’s internal accounting
system is housed and maintained off-blockchain. This was done
in order to increase transaction processing speed and allow
the platform greater flexibility for payment commissions, which
are zero in many cases but can be customized depending on
such factors as type of currency, customer characteristics, and
turnover.
KICK’s accounting system manages operations within the
platform and operations on platform blockchain wallets. It utilizes
the classical double entry financial accounting approach that’s
used by financial institutions around the world. Additionally, its
posting schemes are modeled after banking schemes: individual
accounting shards (copies of the accounting mechanism that
serves their customer pools) function identically to fiat banks
(with “interbank” transfers when an operation affects customers
on different shards).

KICK ECOSYSTEM Architecture Details

39
Functional scheme of the platform

Accounting Core Implementation
The blue dotted square in the diagram above highlights the core
of KICK’s financial accounting system (using the example of two
independent shards). This portion includes DBMS and services
(EX, i.e. exchanger), which execute the orders of internal and
external accounting consumers. It is the part of the KICK platform
that is activated by all of its services, either directly or indirectly.
The accounting system, which manages all financial operations
across the KICK ecosystem, is built on the PostgreSQL industrial
database. We chose PostgreSQL for its high-speed throughput,
robust reliability, security, and extensive authorization system,
which lets you set rights with detailed granularity. Each internal
platform service that interacts with the accounting database
has access to it only from certain network segments, while
being limited to strictly isolated functionality and the minimum
necessary data cut.
If KICK’s accounting performance needs begin to breach the
limits of PostreSQL’s, we will implement a hot data service on
a DBMS with ACID guarantees, but specializing in in-memory
computing (e.g., Aerospike or Tarantool).
The EX service processes and routes orders of various types and
their translation to the accounting shard. Payment orders are
delivered to the EX service both through a queue (from internal
services) and directly from external customers.
Accounting consumers
For user convenience, we use a single metering plane throughout
the platform, so the accounting core is also used by other
services (beside the internal WALLET), such as KICKICO and
KICKPAY trading processing. To deliver payment orders to the
accounting core, we use a classic queuing solution.

40

EX Service
In addition to the fact that the EX service specializes in servicing
customers of the exchange, and is therefore its main functional
part, the composition of the elements of the exchange
complement:
MS: matcher, providing the mechanics of trading
TR: a trigger mechanism that serves various types of stop
orders that react to market conditions and generate trade
orders when the conditions specified by the client occur
STAT: A service that stores and aggregates market data for
prompt customer delivery
Publisher: a service that supports long-lived client
connections for delivering various data to customers by
subscription (quotes, portfolio changes, etc.)

KICKICO PLATFORM
Functional description
KICKICO is KICK’s flagship platform that connects ICO/STO
blockchain projects with a large community of backers. From a
technical perspective, KICKICO consists of multiple servers that
house multiple databases and user panels, as well as a scoring
system and messaging service.
KICKICO’s API gateways are written in Go and they are
limited to certain types of requests. The public network is for
communication with KICKICO users (backers, ICO/STO owners,
moderators), while the private network is used by administrators
and for communication with other KICK services.

41

In the beginning, KICKICO will support the following currencies:
BTC, ETH, KICK, WRL, USDT, LTC, BCH, XRP, XLM, DASH, ADA.
Immediately when KICKEX exchange is launched, it will be
possible to participate in projects via various currencies, listed on
KICKEX. When all legal documents are finalized, fiat will also be
accepted.
Databases
The KICKICO server hosts two general database types. The first is
the main DB that consists of a master DB and several slave DBs.
The master DB contains all campaign-related information and
its data is mirrored on the slave DBs for security and redundancy.
The second type of DB logs statistical data, which is collected by
the streaming service from internal and external events.
Panels
KICKICO consists of four panels: the backer’s panel, the ICO/STO
owner panel, the moderator panel, and the administrator panel.
Backer’s panel: This panel lets registered users manage their
data and events across the KICKICO platform. Among many
other features, users can edit their personal information
and settings, complete KYC via integration with a KYC
provider, see currency account balances via integration
with KICKWALLET, browse their token purchase history,
and withdraw currencies to their personal wallets or bank
accounts (once fiat currencies are supported).
ICO/STO owner panel: Among many other features, this panel
can be used to create a new ICO or STO campaign on KICKICO,
edit campaign details, pass scoring requirements (can be done
several times), undergo a Howey test, and access campaign
data such as user responses, statistics, and sales.

42

Moderator panel: Moderators can see lists of users,
campaigns, withdrawals and complaints. They can also use
the panel to approve, deny, edit campaigns, and interact with
creators.
Admin panel: Administrators have the highest permission-level
in the system. They can access all moderator features and,
additionally, they can appoint or remove moderators, read
and act on complaints, browse platform statistics, and apply
technical updates.
Messaging service
The messaging service permits users to write and receive
messages, to receive campaign updates, to contact KICKICO
and KEXEC support, and to communicate with campaign owners
with questions and concerns.

KICKID
Functional description
KICKID is the registration, authentication, and authorization
service for the KICK ecosystem. KICKID allows users to register
and authenticate themselves on all KICK services and platforms
at once.
After registering with KICKID, users can pass an integrated KYC,
which authenticates them on all KICK platforms and services, as
well as on all white label KICK solutions.
For example, a user who registers on KICKID will be able to instantly
use KICKICO, KICKPAY, KICKEX, and white label KICKEX exchanges
without having to re-register and re-authenticate for each one.

43

The KICKID service stores user attributes. During authentication,
KICKID gives other KICK services access to user attributes. KICKID
records and stores user behavior data such as IP and devices
used, login frequency, and password changes. KICKID tracks and
records all user actions.
Main components of KICKID service
The diagram below outlines the main components of the KICKID
service. The transport layer processes user data input and
transmits it to the controller layer. The controllers do not have
direct access to the database, but use special services located
on a virtual private network to interact with the repository
layer, which in turn works with the database. Thus, database
interaction is carried out through a limited set of interfaces,
prohibiting direct access from the outside world. Each level of the
scheme is presented as a separate microservice, allowing the
system to scale horizontally and withstand high loads.

44

KICKID Server
KICKID Server is a microservice that interacts with user data
input. At the transport layer, it is compatible with a variety of
protocols including HTTP, gRPC (HTTP / 2), TCP, and UDP. In
its default mode, it uses gRPC (HTTP / 2). KICKID terminates
incoming connections and processes and validates user input. It
also converts and serializes data using protobuf in order to call
remote procedures from other microservices. Unlike text protocols,
the KICKID service uses a binary protocol to reduce the overhead
of sending messages over the network.
KICKID services
KICKID services is a group of isolated microservices that
implements the basic business logic for user authorization and
authentication, KYC, two-factor authentication (2FA), and all user
password and session operations. It also forms an attribute user
model based on which other components of the KICK platform
will assign their roles to control access to resources.
User authentication uses the OAuth2 standard. User password
protection is implemented according to the RFC8018 and
RFC2898 standards and follows all necessary recommendations
from PKCS. Two factor authentication is implemented according
to the RFC6238 standard.
Other services include journaling user actions, detecting
suspicious activity, and blocking members due to platform usage
violations.
The individual components of microservices from the KICKID
group additionally perform protection against known threat
models and attack vectors, which are used by network offenders
to obtain privileged access to the system.

45

KICKID repositories
The primary task of most microservices is to work with data.
Requests for receiving and changing data are taken from
microservices from the KICKID services group.
All queries are prevalent and performed only through a fixed,
predefined set of methods, avoiding common problems such
as SQL injections, incorrect special character escaping, and
arbitrary query execution.
This layer interacts with the data stores. There is also an audit of
operations with repositories and access rights division. Resourceintensive operations are cached to speed up data reading.
KICKID storages
KICKID’s data storage layer is implemented on RDBMS and
NoSQL. User data is stored on servers housed across multiple,
geographically dispersed data centers connected by highbandwidth network channels. The model of convergence
to a consistent state is chosen according to the principle
of convergence, which is the de facto standard for building
geographically distributed data stores. This infrastructure ensures
high availability and reliable system performance even in the
event of multiple server failures, or even the failure of an entire
data center. Data is served from servers nearest users to ensure
high speeds.

46

UI Preview (alpha)

47

KICKWALLET
Functional description
KICKWALLET is KICK’s service for processing, sending, and
receiving cryptocurrency payments. It consists of a primary
database, several servers each with their own database,
blockchain nodes, and a blockchain service that interacts with
nodes. KICKWALLET operates on the private KICK network.
The main components of the KICKWALLET service

48

KICKWALLET components are a group of microservices that are
combined by gRPC framework tools. Certain components, such
as those that perform user balance operations, are kept private
from the outside. Communication between microservices occurs
via a secure communication channel and each component is run
on multiple instances to provide fault tolerance and high load
performance.
KICKWALLET Service
KICKWALLET Service is the main component of the user wallet
system. It handles the business logic for creating a wallet,
funding it, and checking its balance. The service also manages
cryptocurrency rates, rate conversions between accounts, and
queries to the accounting core.
Microservices at this level are kept separate from users. Only
authorized users may execute specific commands on them.
Security-critical data wallets such as private keys and
hierarchically generated keys (e.g., BIP32 / BIP39 / BIP44) are
stored encrypted on separate data stores with a high threshold
of fault tolerance and security.
Data is distributed over geographically dispersed data
centers, which are connected by high-speed channels. All data
transmitted between the data centers is encrypted.
KICKWALLET Cryptoserver Gateway
KICKWALLET Cryptoserver Gateway is the system module that
interacts with external blockchain environments. It is implemented
as a group of microservices that scale automatically to
increasing load. It maintains connections with 6 geographically
distant nodes for each supported cryptocurrency in order to

49

confirm user wallet transactions. Input, withdrawal, deposit, and
transaction validation performed on the blockchain is performed
on this group of microservices.
KICKWALLET Queue
KICKWALLET Queue is the component that interacts with the
accounting core. It sends and receives requests related to the
user’s account balance. It is persistent, fault tolerant, and has
the enterprise-level attributes needed for secure message
transmission.

KICKDESK
KICKDESK is a separate and configurable widget for ICO/STO
projects to conduct their token sale campaigns outside of the
KICKICO platform.
KICKDESK is coded in JavaScript and can be embedded on any
website. It is easily customizable with CSS/HTML and includes
built-in registration, authentication, balance checking, and token
purchasing controls.

50

KICKDESK does not have its own database; all data, such as
statistics, transactions, and campaign information is stored
across KICKICO’s databases.
KICKDESK communicates with other KICK services through
a special API.

KICKPAY
KICKPAY is a payment service that lets merchants easily accept
payment in cryptocurrency and, eventually, in fiat.

The KICKPAY service coordinates payment between multiple
parties and supports multiple scenarios. In an example scenario,
the sender is a KICK user who maintains an account balance on
KICKWALLET and the recipient is a merchant who has integrated
KICKPAY.

51

Once the payment transaction occurs, three events take place:
First, the payer receives their purchased product or service
(physical or digital).
Second, an obligation is created between the merchant and
the KICK platform.
Third, KICK closes the obligation, either immediately
or with a time delay, depending on the form and terms
of the payment.
The KICKPAY service API supports different types of interactions
between participants, depending on the type of business and the
legal and technical features of the partners.
KICKPAY inherits the same implementation and operation
principles from the KICKDESK service (e.g., data is stored on KICK
rather than on its own database), but uses its own API to work
with the service and widget.
Connecting KICKPAY service to third-party sites
Any website can easily install KICKPAY and begin accepting
cryptocurrency and, eventually, fiat. They simply select a readymade widget and customize it with HTML and CSS to their
preference. More advanced users can leverage KICKPAY’s open
source SDK kit, which supports popular programming like JS, PHP,
Java, SWIFT, and Kotlin.
Site owners can use the KICKPAY service after completing the
KYC procedure and entering into a legal agreement with KICK.
Users wishing to pay using the KICKPAY widget must also register

52

with KICKID and undergo a KYC procedure, also presented as
a width. Anyone who’s already completed KYC on the KICKID
platform does not need to re-register or go through the process
again.

KICKREF

KICKREF functional description (alpha)
KICKREF is a classic multi-level referral system in which the user
has the opportunity to receive rewards not only for the actions
of his referral, but also for the actions of users who are referrals
towards him.
Users participating in the referral system are divided into six
levels: a user on the first level will receive a reward for the actions
of all users who are his referrals, for the actions of referrals of his
referrals (level 2), etc. up to level 6 in the chain.
The user can use the service functionality in his account, having
received a unique referral link.

53

Each service can have several customizable referral programs.
Detailed technical description of KICKREF will be added in the
next version of KICK ECOSYSTEM WP.
KICKCPA (alpha)
KICKCPA will be developed in two stages. Stage one is to
integrate with existing CPA networks, which will allow campaign
owners to instantly order traffic. Stage two is to create KICK’s own
CPA Ecosystem Network. On this network, users will be able to
become CPA agents who can use the service API to drive traffic
to the KICK platform.
CPA Agent Types
There are three types of CPA agents.
Campaign Agents: Campaign agents are webmasters
and other platform users who drive traffic to ICO or STO
campaigns. They are paid by individual campaign creators
who specify payment terms upfront.
Platform Agents: Platform agents are webmasters who send
traffic to the platform. They are compensated for every highquality registration they refer.
Business Agents: Business agents are users who bring ICO or
STO campaigns to the platform and receive a percentage
of campaign fees upon successful listing. Business agents
undergo KYC and manual validation, after which they receive
a unique referral link. Once a campaign reaches its soft cap,
they receive a percentage of the campaign fees. They will
receive an additional bonus if the campaign lists on KICKEX.
Detailed technical description of KICKCPA will be added in the
next version of KICK ECOSYSTEM WP.

54

KICKCPA types of agents
Platform CPA agents are divided into three types:
Campaign Agent Campaign agents are webmasters and other
users of the platform who send traffic to a campaign that runs
on the platform;
Platform agents. Platform agents are webmasters directing
traffic to the platform and receiving rewards from the KICK
platform;
Business agents. Business agents are users who bring
campaigns to the platform and receive a percentage of the
campaign fees if they have successfully passed ICO / STO.
For agents of the first type, a functional will be provided, where
the author of the campaign indicates what reward he is willing to
pay to the traffic generators for each paid client and indicates
the minimum payment he is willing to pay, and replenishes the

55

balance. Money is paid automatically to the traffic generator as
soon as their referral makes a payment. All who are registered
in the CPA account receive a notification of a new referral
campaign on the platform to the post. When the reward balance
ends, the referral campaign is stopped and all participants
receive relevant notifications.
Agents of the second type will receive a reward for high-quality
registrations (for users who have registered and passed KYC) or
for payments, depending on which offer they choose. This is the
classic CPA system.
Agents of the third type (business CPA) will receive rewards for
campaigning. To obtain the status of a business CPA, these users
will need to undergo KYC and an inspection by the platform
managers, after which this status will be confirmed. After
confirming the status, a unique link will be generated, according
to which the agent will be able to receive a percentage of the
campaign fees if it reaches the soft cap. Also, agents of the third
type in the event of exit of tokens collected by the campaign on
the exchange will receive an additional bonus.

KICK ECOSYSTEM SECURITY FEATURES
Network Protection
To maintain platform stability, DPI systems will be used to
filter and block suspicious traffic. Border segments with public
networks will use Cisco firepower solutions that implement
a mechanism for monitoring, analyzing and reporting suspicious
user activity.
The interaction of components of the KICK platform occurs
exclusively through the internal private network.

56

Databases Protection
Platform database protection is implemented by creating a
classic system of rights and access groups, SSL connections,
automatic backups, snapshots and multi-warm-ups. Attention is
paid to monitoring the activity of users with an advanced level of
access (administrators).
Data Protection, Replication and Backup
The basis of KICK platform data protection is the ability to
recover data after their complete loss or damage, and additional
data protection from compromising. Methods of working with
data are based on the modern principles of “data lifecycle
management” and decisions for assessing, cataloging and
protecting user information from various threats.
To protect and preserve data, we have implemented a replication
mechanism on geographically distributed servers with a high
level of fault tolerance. Data is transmitted and stored in
encrypted form. When a request to delete data is received, the
data is deleted from all replicas.
Security Information and Event Management
The SIEM system receives, delivers, and visualizes information
about the many characteristics of the components of the KICK
platform. It is used to monitor and control suspicious actions
of users. For example, even if an attacker succeeds in gaining
control of a user account and impersonating him (by obfuscating
traffic), a mismatch between the normal sequence of user actions
will be detected and serve as a signal for verification.

57

Incident response
In the event of any abnormal situations, users of the platform will
be immediately notified of this and the development team will
make every effort to resolve the problem as soon as possible.

58

DISCLAIMER
This document is for information purposes only, and is not an offer
or a call to sell stocks or securities on the KICKICO platform, or
that of any other related or associated company.
KickCoin tokens are not securities
User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that KickCoins
are not securities and are not registered with any government
entity as a security, and shall not be considered as such. User
acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership of
KickCoins does not grant the user the right to receive profits,
income, or other payments or returns arising from the acquisition,
holding, management or disposal of, the exercise of, the
redemption of, or the expiry of, any right, interest, title or benefit in
the KICKICO or KICKICO Platform or any other KICKICO property,
whole or in part.
Absence of guarantees of income or profit
There is no guarantee that KickCoin tokens will grow in value.
There are no guarantees that the price of KickCoins will not
decrease, including significantly, due to some unforeseen events,
or events over which the developers have no control, or because
of force majeure circumstances.
Risks associated with Ethereum
KickCoin tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain.
Therefore, any failure or malfunctioning of the Ethereum protocol
may lead to the trading network of KickCoin tokens not working

59

as expected.
Regulatory uncertainty
Blockchain technologies are subject to supervision and control by
various regulatory bodies around the world. KickCoin tokens may
fall under one or more requests or actions on their part, including
but not limited to restrictions imposed on the use or possession
of digital tokens such as KickCoins, which may slow or limit the
functionality or repurchase of KickCoin tokens in the future.
KickCoin tokens are not an investment
KickCoin tokens are not official or legally binding investments
of any kind. In case of unforeseen circumstances, the objectives
stated in this document may be changed. Despite the fact that
we intend to reach all goals described in this document, all
persons and parties involved in the purchase of KickCoin tokens
do so at their own risk.
Quantum computers
Technical innovations, like the development of quantum
computers, may pose a danger to cryptocurrencies, including
KickCoin tokens.
Risk of losing funds
Funds collected in fundraising are in no way insured. If they are
lost or lose their value, there is no private or public insurance
representative that buyers can reach out to.
Returning funds
If a campaign does not end successfully, or is canceled by its

60

creator, or by moderators, the funds are returned to the wallets of
those users who transferred funds to the wallet of the campaign.
If the user made their payment in a fiat currency (USD, EUR, RUR,
or any other), the funds are returned to their ETH wallet inside
the KICKICO system. The user can withdraw this ETH or use them
to participate in any other campaign launched on the KICKICO
platform.
Risks of using new technologies
KickCoin tokens are a new and relatively untested technology.
In addition to the risks mentioned in this document, there are
certain additional risks that the team of the KICKICO platform
cannot foresee. These risks may manifest themselves in other
forms of risk than those specified herein.
Crowdinvesting
The KICKICO platform disclaims any and all responsibility
or liability in relation to any obligations made by creators
of crowdinvesting campaigns to investors who bought their
tokens on the KICKICO platform. The KICKICO platform is just
an intermediary between creators of such campaigns and their
investors. The function of the KICKICO platform is only to transfer
funds from investors to creators, and tokens of crowdinvesting
campaign creators to investors. KICKICO does not guarantee the
claims made by campaign creators.
Integration
All information contained within this Whitepaper is provided for
general information purposes only, and is intended to present a
guide to the decentralized services which may be provided by
KICKICO in future. Nothing published in this document is intended

61

to be (i) legal, financial, professional, tax or other advice; (ii) a
recommendation to undertake (or to cease undertaking) any
action whatsoever; (iii) an advertisement, solicitation or legal
offer; (iv) an offer or a call to buy or sell stocks or securities on
the KICKICO platform, or that of any other related or associated
company, (v) a promise of any voting or ownership rights of
KICKICO (vi) or a promise of receiving any passive income, any
return on investment or any profit; and should not be construed
as any of the foregoing. The KickCoin is a cryptographicallysecured representation of a token-holder’s rights to get access
to the KICKICO platform and receive services on the KICKICO
platform in future through the token-holder’s active actions, such
as launching campaigns, buying services an etc.

427447, KICKONOMY PTE. LTD., 176 JOO CHIAT ROAD, #02-02, SINGAPORE

