Whitepaper
v0.5

18. July 2018

Whitepaper
V3

1. Contents
1.

Contents

2

2.

Abstract

4

3.

Distributed Autonomous Job Market (DAJ)

4

4.

Market and Industry

5

5.

The Token

6

6.

7.

8.

5.1.

Premium Accounts

6

5.2.

Participate in the Tokenholder Tribunal (THT) and earn your share of the platform fees

7

The Token Holder Tribunal

8

6.1.

Process

8

6.2.

Calculation of the votes

9

6.3.

Calculation of the distributed Fees

9

6.4.

Common disputes

10

6.5.

Expert Tribunal

10

6.6.

Double vote attacks

11

6.7.

Scalability

11

6.8.

Self-vote protection

11

6.9.

Majority Overtaking

12

6.10.

The Tokenholder Tribunal as a Game

12

6.11.

Can I lose anything?

12

6.12.

Know Your Customer (KYC)

13

6.13.

Preventing wrong voting

13

Ratings and Reviews

13

7.1.

Overview

14

7.2.

Process

14

7.3.

Reviews

14

7.4.

Disputing unjustified ratings

14

7.5.

Skill ratings

15

7.6.

Fake reviews

15

Actions in a job
8.1.

Client Actions

15
16
2 | Page

8.2.
9.

Freelancer Actions

User Profile

16
17

10. Problems in the industry

19

11. Blocklancer Platform Processes

22

11.1.

Process of Creating a Job

22

11.2.

Process of Completing a Job

23

11.3.

Process of a Successful Project

23

11.4.

Process of a Token Holder Tribunal

24

12. System Architecture

25

12.1.

Core Architecture

25

12.2.

The Tokenholder Tribunal Architecture

25

12.3.

Database

26

12.4.

Database Queries

26

13. Blocklancer is more than a freelancing platform

27

13.1.

One Profile/Balance for All

27

13.2.

The Tutoring platform: Blocktutor

28

14. Comparing Freelancing Platforms
14.1.

Comparison with Ethlance

28
29

15. Contacts

30

16. Social Media and other information channels

30

17. More References

31

18. List of Figures

31

3 | Page

2. Abstract
The Blocklancer whitepaper will introduce and elaborate on the many features and novelties
the platform will introduce to the freelancing world. Furthermore, we will look into our Initial
Coin Offering (ICO) round details and delve into our ideas and ambitions for the future of the
Blocklancer platform and ecosystem.
The Blocklancer platform is intended as a means to revolutionize the process of freelancing
and improve the cooperation between the freelancer and the Client. It is going to solve many
issues involved in the Freelancing process, including but not limited to:

● refusals of payment for the agreed-on amount of money for a project,
● fake or undeserved reviews, and
● the uncontrollable influence and abuse of power of a central authority figure

3. Distributed Autonomous Job Market (DAJ)
It is our belief that a completely self-regulatory system is the best solution for a Freelancer
platform such as Blocklancer. Therefore, we have created a new form of job market: The
Distributed Autonomous Job Market (DAJ for short).
DAJ is our vision of the job market of the future and our proposed solution for many of the
underlying problems currently faced by freelancing platforms. Most of the decisions made on
our platform are in the hands of the Tokenholders, which means that there won’t be one single
authoritarian instance with an uncontrollable amount of influence on the market. This
effectively puts the power in the hands of the Tokenholders, giving Freelancers and Clients a
fairer way to transact.
The Tokenholder Tribunal, which will be explained in detail further below, is one example of
a decentralized, self-regulatory system for settling disputes between Clients and Freelancers.

4 | Page

4. Market and Industry
Freelancing is one of the fastest growing markets in the world1 with the Freelance workforce
being comprised of 55 million workers; comparing this number to the 30 million freelancers
only 10 years ago, we can see a substantial growth in the freelancing workforce with almost
double the amount of workers today. Freelancers currently represent approximately 35% of
the U. S. workforce.
The whole Freelance workforce has earned a combined revenue of an estimated $ 1 trillion 1
this past year, making up a significant share of the U. S. economy.
That’s not all: The freelancing world is an ever-growing market with more and more people
getting into freelancing every year. In a survey, nearly half of all the Freelancers currently
active in this field of work saw an increase in demand and are expecting to raise their revenue
in the coming year as well.
If only 0.01 % of the Freelancer community were to use our platform – which is feasible for
our project - the amount of money in circulation on our platform would exceed $100,000,000,
resulting in a yearly distribution of $ 3,000,000 (at 3% fees) to all Tokenholders involved in
voting on the platform.

1

https://www.upwork.com/press/2016/10/06/freelancing-in-america-2016/

5 | Page

5. The Token
A holder of the Lancer Token benefits from the Blocklancer platform in two ways.
-

If you hold more than 10,000 Lancer Token you get access to premium features on the
Blocklancer platform. After holding more than 10,000 Lancer Tokens for a period of at
least 1 month your account will be automatically upgraded to a premium account.

-

If you hold Lancer Tokens, you are allowed to participate in the Tokenholder Tribunal.
For participating in the Tokenholder Tribunal in an honest and informed way you will
be rewarded by a share of the platform fees.

The benefits of the premium account and the participation in the Tokenholder Tribunal will
be delineated in the following sections.

5.1.

Premium Accounts

Access to premium accounts is restricted to Tokenholders. Only Tokenholders, who hold more
than 10,000 Lancer Tokens, for a period longer than 1 month get access to premium features
of the platform.
This way we incentivize people, who are interested in the long-term success of Blocklancer.
People, who are holding Lancer Tokens purely for speculative reasons and short periods of
time, will not be able to use premium features.
With the success of the Blocklancer platform the demand for Lancer Tokens will increase, on
the other hand the supply for Lancer Tokens will decrease, because premium users will not
sell their Tokens, because they would lose access to the premium features.

The premium account includes features such as:
-

Getting access to detailed profile statistics. Know, who viewed your profile and how
you can optimize your profile appearance.

-

Only allow the best rated freelancers to apply for your jobs. Your job offers will be
predominantly visible to the best freelancers on the platform. Freelancers with no
rating or bad rating will not be allowed to apply for your jobs.
6 | Page

-

Your job offers will be higher ranked by our search engine.

-

Your application for a job offer will be ranked above non-premium applicants.

-

Get early access to new features.

5.2. Participate in the Tokenholder Tribunal (THT) and earn your share of the
platform fees
Every Tokenholder, who holds Lancer Tokens longer than 1 month, is allowed to participate in
the Tokenholder Tribunal. After the ICO, everyone who participated in the pre-sale or ICO is
able to participate in the Tokenholder Tribunal.
If you transfer the Lancer Tokens to another account the account will not be able to participate
in the Tokenholder Tribunal for 1 month. This way the system cannot be exploited by
transferring Lancer Tokens between multiple accounts. The share of the fees, the Tokenholder
will get after a cycle (~2 months) depends on the number of Tokens he holds and
predominantly on his activity in the Tokenholder Tribunal. This means that the Tokenholders
are rewarded for their efforts in the Tokenholder Tribunal. In contrast to this, passive
Tokenholders will not get any shares from distributed by our platform.

7 | Page

6. The Token Holder Tribunal
The Tokenholder Tribunal is activated, if there is a dispute between client and freelancer. In
order to activate the Tokenholder Tribunal a small fee (~50USD) has to be paid. This way we
make sure that the Tokenholder Tribunal is not abused.
Moreover, it is more attractive to activate our Tokenholder Tribunal compared to dispute
settlements of conventional freelancing websites. The fees of traditional freelancing platforms
regarding dispute settlements are far too high (~$500 USD) for common disputes, which is
unreasonable for most jobs.
If the activation of the Tokenholder Tribunal would be free, a rational agent would always
choose to activate the Tokenholder Tribunal. Even if the agent knows that he has not fulfilled
the task, he will activate the Tokenholder Tribunal, because there is a very small probability
that the Tokenholder Tribunal decides that the agent is right. By introducing this small fee, we
are preventing these very agents from abusing the Tokenholder Tribunal system.

6.1.

Process

If the dispute is activated, Tokenholders are chosen randomly to participate in the dispute
settlement procedure. This makes sure that the Tokenholders cannot know a priori, in which
dispute settlements they will participate. The set of Tokenholders that are chosen to
participate in the Tokenholder Tribunal for a certain project will get all available information
about the project.
This includes:
-

the complete job offers

-

Information about the history of the freelancer and the client

-

The final submission and earlier submissions of the freelancer.

Moreover, the client and the freelancer have the possibility to submit a statement for the
case. The Tokenholders have to study the material to make an informed decision. The decision
making is binary, so that the Tokenholders can decide either in favor of the client or of the
freelancer.

8 | Page

6.2.

Calculation of the votes

The Tokenholder Tribunal is open for a certain period of time (~ 1 week) and the participating
Tokenholders are also able to change their decision during this period. During this period the
tally is not visible to the participating Tokenholders.
The Tokenholders can vote either in favor of the client or the freelancer. After this period, the
tally becomes visible to everyone and the final decision is made public.
The settlement is done by majority vote. If no majority is reached, the involved client and
freelancer have the possibility to activate another Tokenholder Tribunal.
If the Tokenholder belongs to the majority, his vote is counted as “positive vote”, whereas if
the Tokenholder belongs to the minority, his vote is counted as “negative vote”.

6.3.

Calculation of the distributed Fees

After every dispute each Tokenholder who participated in the dispute receives a so-called vote
share. The vote share is higher, the less Tokenholders take part in the dispute.
This incentivizes Tokenholders to cast their vote on more difficult disputes (e. g. cod is not
working properly), as this will lead to a greater share.
On the other hand, this will ensure that the easier cases are not overflown by votes, as the
share will increase substantially with the number of votes already cast.
Should the Tokenholders vote be counted as a “negative vote”, he loses double the vote share
of the respective dispute. This way we make sure that Tokenholders, who are not making
informed decisions are penalized. This mechanism grants that there is the highest incentive
for Tokenholders in finding reasonable decisions.
After a dispute cycle (~2 months), the share of the Tokenholders is calculated in the following
way.
We calculate each Tokenholders share by multiplying the total amount of vote shares he
acquired in this period with the amount of Lancer Token he holds at the end of the period. We
denote the result by T.
9 | Page

Then we calculate the sum of all shares (from all Tokenholders during this cycle) we denote
the sum by W. Now the share of the Tokenholder is W/T.
This means if W = 100 and T = 10, the share of the Tokenholder would be 100/10 = 10%. So,
the Tokenholder would get 10% of the platform fees that were collected during this cycle.

6.4.

Common disputes

On current freelancing platforms ~90% of all disputes are very easy to settle. Common
dispute cases are for example:
-

The freelancer disappears.

-

The freelancer hadn't completed the project before a milestone/deadline.

-

The client doesn't mark the job as completed. He just disappeared.

-

Undeservedly bad review from client/freelancer.

-

Freelancer isn't responding.

Such disputes are undoubtedly easy to rate for most people. Such situations are the most
perfect use cases for the Token Holder Tribunal. On current freelancing platforms you have
to pay high fees even for such easy dispute cases. Fees of up to $ 500 are simply not worth
this amount of money, as it is simpler and less expensive to hire another freelancer.

6.5.

Expert Tribunal

Should the client or the freelancer not be satisfied with the decision of the Tokenholder
Tribunal, there is also the possibility to activate an Expert Tribunal. The fee for activating the
Expert Tribunal is about 500 USD. The Expert Tribunal is a board of experts. The decision of
the Expert Tribunal cancels out the decision of the Tokenholder Tribunal. This means that if
the Expert Tribunal comes to a different conclusion than the Tokenholder Tribunal, the
decision of the Expert Tribunal will be applied to the case.

10 | Page

6.6.

Double vote attacks

A major problem of all voting systems on the Blockchain so far are double voting attacks.
Anybody could just vote for someone and directly afterwards send the funds to another
Ethereum address and vote again.
Currently there are some implementations to tackle this. For example, the DAO prevented his
users from transferring tokens whilst a tally was in progress. This is of course no option for the
Blocklancer platform because then transfers wouldn’t be possible far too often.
To prevent such a behavior from Tokenholders everyone must own their Lancer token for a
period of at least 1 month. After receiving Lancer Tokens from another account, the receiving
account will not be able to participate in the Tokenholder Tribunal for 1 month. This way the
system cannot be exploited by transferring Lancer Tokens between multiple accounts.

6.7.

Scalability

Every token holder has a random value assigned to his account (range = 0 - 1000). This allows
us to only allow a specific group of Tokenholders to vote at a single dispute (e.g. numbers 200
- 300). One might question why that should be needed. Actually, it’s quite simple. It would
create a limit to the maximum number of disputes all the Tokenholders would be able to vote
for, should everyone always be able to vote on every dispute. Put simply, this allows us to
distribute all disputes evenly among all Tokenholders and thus allowing for an unlimited
scalability. More job offers would mean a higher demand for Lancer Token and thus increasing
the diversity of Tokenholders. Those could be evenly split among the higher number of
disputes by automatically shrinking the vote groups (e.g. numbers 100 - 150).

6.8.

Self-vote protection

11 | Page

Another major problem of current voting implementations is that Tokenholders would always
be able to vote for themselves. Tokenholders aren’t allowed to vote for themselves. But a
clever Tokenholder would now just transfer his tokens to another account and thus
circumvent the protection, even though he would lose some credibility and all premium
features on his main account. The implemented voter groups (see 6.7.) are applicable here as
well. The Tokenholder just wouldn’t be ensured to be able to vote on a dispute he himself is
involved in. This ensures that there won’t be any planned malicious actions regarding selfvotes.

6.9.

Majority Overtaking

Should there be a Tokenholder in a voter group with substantially more tokens than the rest,
he would be able to dominate or even overtake that voter group. To tackle, this every vote
has the same impact on the final decision, independent from the number of tokens one holds.
The minimum amount to be able to vote in the Tokenholder Tribunal is 5000 LNC. To ensure
that nobody is able to just split up his Lancer over multiple accounts we are implementing an
ID verification process (see 6.12.).

6.10. The Tokenholder Tribunal as a Game
The Tokenholders have a separate voting platform with a ranking system which ranks them by
the amount of vote shares they have. This ensures a higher motivation of voting correct in the
Token Holder Tribunal by granting them the incentive of social recognition. The Tokenholders
will be able to reach higher levels on the platform by gaining more vote shares or badges. The
Badge achievement system will be similar to those on many forums today (e.g. Stackoverflow).
Where the Tokenholders receive badges for certain achievements (e.g. first vote, ten
consecutive correct votes).

6.11. Can I lose anything?
12 | Page

You can’t have less than zero vote shares and thus you can’t lose anything by voting. With that
we mean you can lose neither Ether nor Lancer. By voting on disputes you can only receive, in
exchange for the time you invested in making an educated and informed vote, a share of the
platform fees.

6.12. Know Your Customer (KYC)
Many transactional applications require up-front knowledge concerning certain aspects of a
counterparty's identity.
In many respects, the Blockchain is no different and legal entities who have a beneficial
relationship with Blockchain-logic may also have the need for ensuring the Blockchain logic
itself ascertains this kind of knowledge before engaging in a transactional relationship.

6.13. Preventing wrong voting
To prevent Tokenholders from voting wrong on purpose in the Token Holder Tribunal (e. g.
voting in favor of their colleague) we created an environment to highly discourage such
actions. If a Tokenholder has zero vote shares his votes will not count towards the end result
of the dispute but he still receives vote shares for his vote. This ensures that he needs correct
votes to change anything in the end results of disputes. On top of that we have algorithms in
place to detect and ban users that obviously try to harm the platform. With those levels of
security in place it practically becomes impossible to cast several malicious votes and thus, the
Token Holder tribunal has the highest possible chance of finding a correct decision.

7. Ratings and Reviews
Freelancers and clients are able to provide feedback on each other and help others to decide
which freelancers or clients to choose.
13 | Page

7.1.

Overview

Freelancers or clients are able to rate each other on a scale of 1 to 5 stars. They can also choose
to add a written review, which is optional. Every user has a summary rating which is always
displayed alongside the username. Freelancers also have a separate rating for each skill (e.g.
C++, Translation …) which allows a potential client to determine the skills of the freelancers in
question in more detail, making the process of finding the correct freelancer far easier.

7.2.

Process

Freelancers or clients are able to rate each other after a job is completed. This minimizes the
risk of people rating each other without prior knowledge of each other’s skills. After the job is
completed the freelancer and the client have 2 days to rate each other. After this period, both
ratings become public. This ensures that nobody is making ratings just as revenge. If a negative
rating of the client/freelancer would instantly get public the other party could just make a bad
counter review as “revenge” and thus rendering the whole rating process pointless, because
there wouldn’t be a benefit in rating anybody bad, you would just lose by doing so. After the
rating process is completed the new rating gets added to the summary rating.

7.3.

Reviews

Both freelancer and client have the option to leave a written review which is shown in each
other’s profile. It is highly encouraged to leave a written review because it is far more
meaningful than just a simple rating.

7.4.

Disputing unjustified ratings

Should the freelancer or the client not being satisfied with their rating, they have the option
to dispute the rating. The Tokenholders are then tasked to review the whole job to determine
14 | Page

if the rating is justified or not. Should the Tokenholders come to the conclusion that the rating
isn’t justified, the rating/review gets removed from the client’s or freelancer’s profile. This
way, Blocklancer ensures that ratings aren’t final like on current freelancing platforms, we
provide this option because freelancers or clients could lose much income by unjustified
ratings.

7.5.

Skill ratings

Freelancers also have a separate skill rating for every skill individually, because an overall
rating wouldn’t tell much about the freelancer’s capabilities in certain skills. The skill rating is
calculated the same way as the overall rating with the only difference being that a new rating
only gets added to the skill if the skill was part of the job.

7.6.

Fake reviews

There are always people which try to push their ratings to make deceitful actions. Blocklancer
has multiple features in place to prevent such actions.
-

Reviews are only creatable after a successfully finished job. This ensures that nobody
is able to just spam fake ratings on their friends profiles because they would need to
pay the minimum amount (0.01 ETH) for every review they add this way. This ensures
that such ratings aren’t really economically interesting in the first place.

-

Should a user’s work quality suddenly decrease after several years, he would still have
a great rating for several more. In order to solve this problem, newer ratings will have
a greater impact on the overall rating, thus rendering this issue non-existent.

8. Actions in a job
Both freelancers and clients have the option to perform certain actions in a job. To make this
section clearer, we split the actions up into freelancer actions and client actions.
15 | Page

8.1.
-

Client Actions
Pick a freelancer: After freelancers made their bids, the client is able to select a
freelancer to complete the job. The client needs to have the funds to be able to pay
the selected freelancer before selecting this freelancer. After selecting a freelancer,
the client isn’t able to withdraw those funds before completing the job.

-

Cancel a job: If the client hasn’t yet chosen a freelancer he is able to cancel the whole
job. After this action is performed neither a freelancer is able to bid for this job nor is
anyone able to see this job anymore.

-

Complete a job: After the freelancer finished the job, the client is able to complete the
job. After this action is performed the freelancer instantly receives his payment. The
client also has the option to give a rating to the freelancer when completing the job
but the written review is optional and can be left blank.

-

Call the Tokenholder Tribunal: The client is able to call the Tokenholder Tribunal
should he not be satisfied with the work of the freelancer (see 6.).

8.2.
-

Freelancer Actions
Bid for a job: The freelancer is able to bid for any job he would like to make. The bids
are limited to 10 bids per week. This ensures that a freelancer isn’t just making a bid
for every job that is posted, but only for those he is really interested in.

-

Cancel the job: If the freelancer isn’t able to complete a job he can choose to cancel
the job. After he canceled the job the client’s funds are instantly unlocked and he is
able to withdraw them.

-

Rate the client: If the client marked the job as completed the freelancer is able to rate
the client.

-

Call the Tokenholder Tribunal: The freelancer is able to call the Tokenholder Tribunal
should the client refuse to mark the job as completed (e.g. the client disappeared) (see
6.).
16 | Page

9. User Profile
The user profile is a collection of settings and information associated with a certain user. The user
profile is the main page after clicking on anyone’s username on any site within the Blocklancer
platform. It contains all the major information about a certain user such as:

17 | Page

-

Username: The username a user chose when registering on the platform. It is always visible
when the user is displayed throughout the platform.

-

Short Description: A short description of the user (< 100 words).

-

Description: The full description of the user.

-

Skills: The skills the user has, including the rating for each skill.

-

Reviews: Reviews the user received from other users he worked with.

-

Education: Educations are Schools, Courses or Degrees a user has completed.

-

Experience: Experiences are prior Jobs or projects a user worked on in the past.

-

Lost Disputes: The total amount of lost dispute cases.

-

Won Disputes: The total amount of won dispute cases.

-

Total Disputes: The total amount of dispute cases.

-

Profile image: The profile square sized image of the user.

-

Rating: The overall rating of the user.

18 | Page

10. Problems in the industry
We now discuss the most pressing concerns Freelancers face with the current market and
freelancing platforms, or websites that offer jobs. An overview of the problems will be covered
below:
1. Unnecessarily difficult to receive payment from Clients
2. Clients leaving undeserving/negative profile reviews
3. High fees on current freelancing platforms
4. Unlimited centralized power on current freelancing platforms

● “From my experiences on different freelancing platforms, getting paid by your Client
often proves to be an unnecessary and difficult hurdle to overcome. Is there a way I can
ensure that I get paid for the work I deliver?”2

Blocklancer offers an escrow option for fixed price contracts.
After an employment contract has been made, the Client’s money is frozen until the
contract is fulfilled by the freelancer. Should the Client not be satisfied with the work
of the Freelancer, he has the option to ask the Tokenholders to settle their dispute and
decide on who is right. The Freelancer has the same option available to him in case he
received an unreasonably bad review.
Voting wrong intentionally will be penalized by losing vote shares.

2

https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-major-problems-freelancers-facecommonly/answer/Courtney-Webber-2?srid=hFUgy

19 | Page

● “Sometimes Clients leave undeservedly bad reviews for my work. While this is
fortunately not a frequent occurrence, it is annoying nonetheless, because there are
hardly any measures I can take against it. Is there a way to circumvent this problem?”3

On most current Freelancer platforms, the best option is to contact the support of the
platform, but this is often done to no avail. On our platform, The Tokenholder Tribunal
dispute resolution process will also be applicable here as well.

● “The fees on many freelancing sites are rather high. While I wouldn’t call them
horrendous, it does make freelancing less lucrative for me.”4,5

Blocklancer only takes 3% of the employment contract’s price in fees, which makes this
the lowest amount of fees on any freelancing platform on the market, giving
Blocklancer a major competitive advantage to capturing market share.

3

https://hackernoon.com/why-you-should-never-use-upwork-ever-5c62848bdf46
https://support.upwork.com/hc/en-us/articles/211062538-Freelancer-Service-Fees
5
https://www.freelancer.com/feesandcharges/
4

20 | Page

● “One of my biggest concerns is that the hosts of freelancing websites have almost
unlimited power. They can delete my account at will, and there’s nothing I can do
about it. As someone who is dependent on the money I make from freelancing, you
can probably imagine that this is quite a problem.”6

Sadly, it happens all too often that accounts get deleted without a valid reason by
single, central authorities on freelancing platforms, thus freezing all income of the
Freelancer and hindering him from accepting new job offers by Clients. This problem
reduces the trust in freelancing platforms because freelancers can lose their source of
income at any given time, making freelancing platforms too unsecure to be a sole
source of work for Freelancers. On the Blocklancer platform, this is an impossible
occurrence because we don’t have a single authority but the fairly incentivized
Tokenholder Tribunal.

6

https://www.blackhatworld.com/seo/my-freelancer-com-account-has-been-closed-with509.639768/

21 | Page

11. Blocklancer Platform Processes
In Blocklancer, we implemented a wide range of processes. There are processes for:
● offering jobs,
● applying for jobs,
● doing reviews, and
● The Tokenholder Tribunal.
In this section, we will introduce the most important processes on the Blocklancer platform.

11.1. Process of Creating a Job

Figure1: Process for creating a job offer

The BPMN model in Figure 1 depicts the process of offering a job and bidding for the job.
● The Client first creates a new job.
● The Client attaches a deadline to the newly created job - this means the Client must
select a Freelancer proposal bid before the deadline is reached.
● After Clients create a job offering, Freelancers are able to bid for the job - Freelancer
bids contain the salary the Freelancer is willing to get paid for this job.
● When the Client selects a freelancer and his bid, the employment contract is created.
● The employment contract binds the salary of the Freelancer so that Freelancers are
guaranteed payment.
22 | Page

11.2. Process of Completing a Job

Figure 2: Process of finishing the work

Figure 2 depicts that the Client gets his Ethereum back if the Freelancer is not able to finish
the job within the deadline.

11.3. Process of a Successful Project

Figure 3: Process of successful project

Figure 3 shows a successful transaction between Freelancers and Clients. The Freelancer was
able to finish the job and the Client was satisfied with the work. It can be seen that the Client
is creating a review of the freelancer and the Freelancer is able to create a review of the Client.
It is also possible to bring a bad review to The Tokenholder Tribunal. At the end of a successful
project, the Freelancer is able to collect his salary.
23 | Page

11.4. Process of a Token Holder Tribunal

Figure4: Client is not satisfied with work

Figure 4 shows what happens if the Client is not satisfied with the Freelancer’s work. The Client
is then able to initiate a dispute resolution with The Tokenholder Tribunal. The Tokenholders
are voting to determine whether the freelancer was able to accomplish the task or not. The
Tokenholders analyze the job offer and the Freelancer’s submitted work to decide if the
Freelancer was able to sufficiently fulfill the job offer.
Decision making is done by majority vote. Majority vote represents the truth on the
Blocklancer platform.
● If the majority decides that the contesting of the submitted work was unreasonable,
the freelancer is able to withdraw his salary and the trustworthiness score of the Client
is decreased.
● If The Tokenholder Tribunal decides that contesting was the right thing to do, the Client
will be allowed to withdraw the frozen Ether.

24 | Page

12. System Architecture
Blocklancer is the first decentralized and serverless job market. We accomplish this by
combining existing technologies like Ethereum and IPFS. Because the Blockchain technology
is still in the architecture building phase we also implement our own, proprietary solutions.

12.1. Core Architecture
Blocklancer is composed of three main components:
1.) Ethereum: Ethereum is the backbone of Blocklancer. The smart contracts are implemented
for Ethereum in the Solidity programming language. Ethereum is needed as the distributed
ledger of Blocklancer, allowing the community to verify transactions within the ecosystem.
2.) InterPlanetary File System IPFS: IPFS allows distributed storage of files. Because it is too
costly to store all the data in the Ethereum Blockchain, the main part of the data is stored in
IPFS.
3.) Database: Because we want to grant a great user experience, querying for job offers must
be extremely fast. A main problem with the Blockchain technology is that querying the data is
far too slow and expensive. Therefore, it is needed to somehow save the data in a database
that is query-able. A portion of the funds raised through the Blocklancer ICO will be used to
develop or collaborate with other projects already developing this solution.
Currently Blocklancer has a cooperation in this area with the Ties Network. The partnership
creates major synergies with the decentralized autonomous business model Blocklancer is
built on and ultimately allows for greater scalability.

12.2. The Tokenholder Tribunal Architecture
The automatic dispute resolution process is a core feature of Blocklancer. It is used for
deciding if the employment contract was fulfilled by the Freelancer and if a given rating (from
the Client or the Freelancer) is justified. To accomplish this, Blocklancer uses a completely
distributed Tribunal Architecture. In Blocklancer, the truth is considered a Schelling Point. In
25 | Page

this scheme, a coordination game is setup and participants are voting in an economically
incentivized way. Voting in accordance with the majority is incentivized, whereas voting in
accordance with the minority is penalized. This scheme is considered robust and is also used
by other big projects (Augur). The Tokenholder Tribunal mechanism is implemented in a way
that is exchangeable and extendable, allowing for a smooth and uniform process across a wide
variety of situations.

12.3. Database
At the moment, it is not recommended to store huge amounts of data on the Blockchain.
Storage on any Blockchain (including Ethereum) is extremely expensive and inefficient. IPFS,
on the other hand, offers a cheap storage solution, but there is no possibility to index the data
to make it query-able. For storing data (user profiles, job offers, etc.) we use IPFS. We also
introduce standardized formats for saving this kind of data, making it more efficiently
accessible. The files are uploaded to IPFS and the hash needed for retrieving data stored in
the Blockchain. By doing so, everyone has access to the distributed data.

12.4. Database Queries
For querying, an index service is needed. Theoretically, it is possible for all users to have their
own indexing service running locally. Because we believe applications are generally accepted
by users as long as the user experience is excellent, we think that currently the best solution
is to offer a centralized, high-performance indexing service to Blocklancer users. Displaying
just relevant jobs to the freelancers is a complicated task that needs sophisticated knowledge
in Information Retrieval Systems. High precision of the retrieved documents is very important
for job markets. We believe that in the near future, there will be new solutions for
accomplishing indexing and querying on the Blockchain. As mentioned earlier, a portion of
Blocklancer ICO funds will potentially be used to create the necessary solutions in order to
create the most efficient Blocklancer platform processes.

26 | Page

The querying syntax is similar to SQL and the retrieved results contain IPFS hashes ordered by
their relevance score.

13. Blocklancer is more than a freelancing platform
Blocklancers main architecture allows it to integrate far more platforms into its ecosystem.
Everything is split into easily exchangeable modules
The main modules are:
-

Tokenholder Tribunal

-

Account, Profile, Balance

-

UI/Platform

This allows us to only change the User Interface/Platform and exchange it with another one if
needed. With this concept we are able to make – as an example - a tutoring platform with
minimal work involved because we are able to reuse the critical parts and build something
else on top of it. This means that we can build a tutoring platform with a Tokenholder tribunal
and the same accounts used on the Blocklancer freelancing platform with only a fraction of
the work.
Another huge advantage of this concept is that we are able to just “transfer” all users to a new
platform. This in turn reduces potential inhibitions of users to use a new platform. After all he
can just start using it with minimal or no work at all involved.

13.1. One Profile/Balance for All
This concept allows for a totally new form of platform. With current systems if a platform
decides to integrate a new market into its platform, their usability and overview suffers. Such
a platform quickly gets confusing for a new user. There are just too many options and finding
the right one often proves difficult. For example, if a user just wants to tutor he gets irritated
by all the freelancing options available. On the other hand, if someone wants to tutor and
freelance at the same time he really appreciates it if he doesn’t have to create a new profile
and doesn’t have a separate account balance for both platforms. To give everyone what he
27 | Page

expects and wants, Blocklancer’s concept allows to just create more and more separate
platforms for the user.

13.2. The Tutoring platform: Blocktutor
A possible platform we could add after the Blocklancer platform launch is a platform for tutors.
The choice is quite obvious if someone thinks about it. Freelancers most often are also able to
teach someone their skills. For example, an English writer is definitely willing to teach
someone in English if he currently doesn’t have a job as an English writer.
Moreover, it allows us to bind even more people to the Blocklancer system and not only
freelancers. This is giving us a huge scaling advantage against the competition.

14. Comparing Freelancing Platforms
Blocklancer

Freelancer

Upwork

Fee for Clients

0%

3%

2.75 %

Fee for Freelancers

3%

10 %

20 %

Money Withdrawal

Immediately
2.75% fee for money $ 0.99 fee
into your Ethereum withdrawal
wallet
Up to 4 days
Additional 5% fee for
currency conversion
Up to 3 days
✓





from ✓





✓





Decentralized
Protection
Censorship
Secure payment

28 | Page

Decentralized voting ✓









system
✓

Privacy

14.1. Comparison with Ethlance
Blocklancer
Gas costs

Ethlance

Just for crucial parts (contract Pay gas for everything (profile
creation)
creation etc.). Each time you
create or modify your profile you
pay for it.
3%
0%

Fee

Token holders earn ✓



fees
✓

✓

from ✓

✓

✓

✓

Decentralized voting ✓



Decentralized
Protection
Censorship
Secure payment

system
Privacy

✓

Integration
with ✓
other
services
(LinkedIn, etc.)
✓
Tradeable Token
Browser
All browsers supported
Usability

Very easy to use. Works similar
like other freelancing websites.
You can create detailed profile
with education and experience
history (similar to LinkedIn).

✓




Works best with Chrome
(MetaMask)
Very special. You need experience
with
Cryptocurrencies.
No
detailed profile possible (Just
some sentences).

29 | Page

Business model
Performance

Revenue model with fees and No business model
ad network
fast
Very slow

Goal

Mass adoption

Niche

15. Contacts
contact@blocklancer.net
http://telegram.me/officialblocklancer
https://discord.gg/Jw4wCsm
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1034225

16. Social Media and other information channels
https://www.facebook.com/blocklancer
https://www.reddit.com/r/blocklancer
https://twitter.com/blocklancer
https://plus.google.com/u/0/108214824905426550934
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz-V-K4sNbGqSc2NSo3euLQ
https://github.com/Blocklancer/Blocklancer-Contracts
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1974481.0
https://steemit.com/@blocklancer
https://www.linkedin.com/company/18154739/
https://publication.blocklancer.net/
https://blocklancer.net/
30 | Page

17. More References
1. https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/281181
https://www.upwork.com/press/2016/10/06/freelancing-in-america2016/https://www.slideshare.net/upwork/freelancing-in-america-2016/1
2. https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-major-problems-freelancers-facecommonly/answer/Courtney-Webber-2?srid=hFUgy
https://community.upwork.com/t5/Freelancers/The-client-didn-t-pay-me-what-the-max-ican-do-to-him/td-p/57163
https://www.quora.com/What-freelancers-have-run-into-issues-with-clients-either-payinglate-or-not-paying-at-all/answer/Mario-Peshev?srid=hFUgy
https://collegetimes.co/upwork-sucks/
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7656084
3. https://hackernoon.com/why-you-should-never-use-upwork-ever-5c62848bdf46
4. https://support.upwork.com/hc/en-us/articles/211062538-Freelancer-Service-Fees
5. https://www.freelancer.com/feesandcharges/
6. https://www.blackhatworld.com/seo/my-freelancer-com-account-has-been-closed-with509.639768/
https://www.complaintsboard.com/complaints/freelancercom-sydney-new-south-walesc578223.html
https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-get-back-my-closed-account-onFreelancer/answers/21053934?srid=hFUgy

18. List of Figures
Figure 1: Process for creating a job offer
Figure 2: Process of finishing the work
Figure 3: Process of successful project
Figure 4: Client is not satisfied with work
Figure 5: LNC per ETH
Figure 6: ICO Spendings

8
9
9
10
14
15

31 | Page

