LitePaper

THE PROLOGUE
Authors of Driven: How Human Nature Shapes Our Choices, Paul Lawrence and Nitin
Nohria, posit that there are four core human drives that profoundly influence our
everyday decision making. These are the desires to acquire; to bond; to defend; and to
learn. Despite the text’s accuracy, both Lawrence and Nohria overlook a fundamentally
overlook a core human drive: the desire to feel. The desire to feel relates to emotions
of anticipation, excitement, or pleasure; the feelings that we as humans crave when we
watch movies, listen to music or support our favourite sports teams.
When these core human drives are unmet, a market will form to fill that vacuum.
This inherent desire to feel, accompanied by technological advancements, and an
increasingly connected world, has resulted in the entertainment sector growing at
an exponential rate. According to PwC, the global entertainment industry’s revenue
reached a staggering $1.8 trillion in 2017. By 2020, it is forecasted to reach $2.2 trillion!
The video game market has grown to a $135 billion-dollar industry. It is quickly
becoming one of the largest entertainment verticals in the world, which is greater than
the music and film industries combined. Its emergence as a powerhouse in mainstream
entertainment has given rise to a new type of spectator sport that combines professional
gaming with the competitive edge of traditional sports: esports or electronic sports, or
esport (singular).

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Intergalactic Gaming (IG) . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Esports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
The Barriers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
The Intergalactic Solution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
The IGGalaxy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .9
IG Business Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Marketing Plan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
The IG Protocol Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16
TRON SR Candidacy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
Challenges For IG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Team & Advisors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
The IG Journey . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Reference . . . . . . . . . 26

Tap headings to
jump to section

DISCLAIMER
THIS DISCLAIMER ISINTENDEDTO ADDRESS ALL READERS WHO VIEW OR ACCESS
THE LITEPAPER ON ANY COMMUNICATION CHANNEL OR PLATFORM. THE INFORMATION AND MATERIAL PRESENTED IN THIS LITEPAPER IS FOR PUBLICISING OUR
VISION FOR THE ESPORTS INDUSTRY.
THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS THE CORE RELEVANT COMPONENTS FROM OUR WHITE
PAPER. WHILST WE HAVE PUT IN OUR BEST EFFORTS TO ENSURE THIS DOCUMENT
REFLECTS OUR BELIEFS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE, PLEASE NOTE THAT
THE INTERGALACTIC GAMING PROJECT IS ONGOING AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE.
AS SUCH, THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE REVISED ACCORDINGLY, AND THE REVISION HISTORY WILL BE SET OUT ON OUR WEBSITE. PLEASE USE OUR OFFICIAL WEBSITE TO
ENSURE YOU HAVE ACCESS TO THE MOST UPDATED VERSION.
THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING DOCUMENT
AND IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR INVESTMENT AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF SECURITIES TO THE PUBLIC OR A COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEME. THIS
DOCUMENT SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED INVESTMENT ADVICE AND IT DOES NOT
IMPLY A CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN IG & IGG TOKEN BUYERS OR HOLDERS.
THE IGG TOKEN IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A DIGITAL CURRENCY, COMMODITY, SECURITY, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT OR ANY OTHER FORM OF INVESTMENT IN
ANY JURISDICTION. OWNING ANY AMOUNT OF IGG DOES NOT ENTITLE THE OWNER
TO ANYTHING, OTHER THAN OWNING SAID AMOUNT OF IGG. IGG IS A UTILITY TOKEN
BASED ON THE TRON NETWORK. IT IS A TOKEN THAT WILL BE UTILISED WITHIN THE
IG ESPORTS ECOSYSTEM.
WE STRONGLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THE ENTIRE LITEPAPER, FAMILIARISING
YOURSELFWITH ALLTHE INFORMATIONSETOUTBELOW. PLEASESEEKINDEPENDENT
ADVICE FROM YOUR PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS (INCLUDING LAWYERS, TAX ACCOUNTANTS AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS), IF YOU HAVE ANY UNCERTAINTY OR DOUBT
AS TO ANY OF THE MATTERS PRESENTED.

1

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

INTERGALACTIC GAMING (IG)
OVERVIEW
Intergalactic Gaming (IG) is a UK based blockchain and gaming organisation focused
on evolving gaming as we know it.
As avid gamers, we have identified issues across the esports landscape that are
hindering the industry’s potential from being realised. Our solution is to create a
platform that encourages accessibility, inclusivity, and stability subsequently
interconnecting this heavily fragmented landscape. Using blockchain technology,
we aim to propose a sustainable solution to the current issues of liquidity and
monetisation in esports.
We are offering a social competitive gaming ecosystem where all participants are
fairly rewarded for the value they add, regardless of age, gender or skill level.
OBJECTIVE
Our objective is to create the best competitive gaming ecosystem ever! One that will
nourish the esports industry and provide a unique value proposition to the billions of
gamers around the world.
KEY RESULTS
The successful execution of our key objective will be determined by the number of
active users on our platform.
THE WHY?
Tyler ‘Ninja’ Blevins earns over $500,000 a month from his Fortnite streams alone.
We are seeing more professional gamers secure lucrative deals with much larger
prize pools on offer. Our co-founders, just like billions around the world, have spent
countless hours playing a variety of games over the years, with nothing to show for
it. We also vehemently believe that all should have the opportunity to pursue
their passion. For the majority, competitive gaming is that passion, but unfortunately
due to a number of reasons remains an unsustainable career choice.
Our ethos of rewarding users will be exemplified through our community driven
approach, as we ensure our competitive gaming infrastructure keeps gamers central
to the design.

2

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

ESPORTS
Esports, is the term associated with any electronic games that are played competitively,
often with spectators. There are many genres that can be played competitively, each
attracting a diverse demographic.
The rise of esports has witnessed the industry develop from humble beginnings,
where tournament prize pools were a mere few hundred dollars. These figures
however, are dwarfed by present-day prize pools, which of course is attributed to the
vast increase in viewers and revenue.
The online nature of esports means it has emerged as a truly global phenomenon,
allowing almost anybody the opportunity to participate, electricity and Internet
connection permitting. However, the term esports is elitist as it predominantly caters
to professional gamers, a small demographic considering the size of the industry.
We therefore seek nourish grassroots competitive gaming, also offering support for
those wishing to make the transition from casual gaming to the professional scene.

THE DRIVING FACTORS
The infographic below illustrates the factors that will continue contributing to the
growth of the esports, and therefore competitive gaming industry.

3

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

MARKET SNAPSHOT
With 2.3 billion gamers worldwide, exceeding a global revenue of $135 billion, it’s no
wonder the gaming industry is showing no signs of slowing down!

4

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

Source ©Newzoo | April 2018 Quarterly Update | Global Games Market Report
newzoo.com/globalgamesreport

5

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

BRANDS IN E-SPORTS
•

Many global organisations have already become early adopters of the esports
impetus as they look to increase their brand exposure.

•

The Nielsen Report states that there have been over 600 esports sponsorship
deals since 2016.

•

In addition, Nielsen Market Research claimed that 60% of respondents reacted
favourably towards brand activity in esports; only 10% had negative responses.
The activation of brands, especially non-endemic, will be integral to the future
growth of esports.

Some brands in esports:

With a vast number of notable brands beginning to understand the impact esports
will have on brand exposure, many more high-profile entities will be looking to
penetrate the space.

6

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

THE BARRIERS
Due to the infancy of the industry, there are a number of barriers inhibiting true
potential of esports being realised.

7

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

THE INTERGALACTIC
SOLUTION
Our solution will transform the way gamers play their favourite games competitively.
The IG platform, referred to as the IGGalaxy, will provide all users with a stable and
predictable framework that enables easy access, navigation and fair monetisation.
The IGGalaxy is inspired by traditional sports. It is an ecosystem that will support the
professionalisation of the esports industry. In some cases, we will see the IGGalaxy
facilitate many gamers entering professional gaming.

8

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

9

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

THE IGGALAXY
KEY STAKEHOLDERS
GAME DEVELOPERS & PUBLISHERS
For game developers and publishers to commercialise their products for domestic
use, esports is crucial to market their games. It is not uncommon for some game
developers and publishers to establish conditions for hosting competitions on
their game titles’. When their game does eventually become relevant in the realms
of esports, the power lies with them; they determine who, when and under what
conditions competitions are organised.
Game developers and publishers generate significantly more revenue from games
sales and micro-transactions, when compared to selling media rights to competitions
featuring their games. The more people that are seen to be playing their game
competitively, the higher the rate of sales, and/or microtransactions made within
them. Therefore, the current balance of money places the focus on the grassroots
gamer, encouraging them to play their game and/or make in-game purchases.
GAMERS
Gamers are central to any esports ecosystem. The profile of our gamer target market
will be determined by the games we support as this tends to vary; the FIFA market
differs from the Call of Duty or Counter Strike market.
As previously stated, our solution will look to cater all players, regardless of
skill level.

Source The Esports Playbook, Nielsen 2018

10

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

ESPORTS TEAMS
Over the last decade, there has been a proliferation of teams across
a number of esport titles. We will invite both grassroots and professional teams to establish themselves on the TRON blockchain, providing opportunities for them to build their legacy as they compete
to conquer the IGGalaxy. IGG tokens will be required to establish a
team on the IG platform.
ESPORTS ORGANISATIONS
There are a variety of organisations in the esports industry. These
organisations do not necessarily compete in tournaments, but provide a different type of value to the ecosystem. An esports organisation may provide a diverse range of value propositions, ranging
from; fielding teams, hosting events, selling merchandise, or providing coaching or management services. The bespoke tokenisation
of such organisations will fundamentally evolve their value propositions for their respective customer bases.
PROFESSIONALS
As the industry matures, we will see an increase in businesses
providing services for the competitive gaming community. This will
include; social media marketing, consultation, web development or
graphics designers. We serve to offer these businesses exposure
to our users, and the ability to integrate a bespoke token into their
infrastructure.
BRANDS
Brand investment will be integral to the continued success of the
esports industry. Partnering with both endemic and non-endemic
brands, we will activate them strategically as we take strides to execute our Intergalactic vision. These partnerships will provide positive exposure to a highly desirable audience demographic, whilst
simultaneously encouraging the adoption of esports and the TRON
protocol.
WIDER PUBLIC
Without a vast and dynamic audience, brands would not want to
invest in esports. Therefore, building a community around IG to
increase engagement is imperative. True adoption will only occur
once we have attracted the attention of the wider public. Our
marketing plan and value propositions will make participating in the
IGGalaxy appealing to a wide demographic.

11

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

INTERGALACTIC ‘GAMING’ GOLD (IGG)
Intergalactic Gaming Gold (IGG) is our native token created on the TRON blockchain.
It will enable the provision of an innovative competitive gaming experience, playing
the role of ‘in-game currency.’ It will primarily be utilised to fuel the IGGalaxy, but
will have extensive real-world use cases for brands, gamers, teams, professionals
and the wider public.
IGG will be the universal token that interconnects the various Partner tokens in
our IG ecosystem. IGG will be exchangeable for Partner tokens on the platform,
ensuring sufficient liquidity within our Partner’s tokenised ecosystem. Users will
also have the opportunity to interact and participate in a number of our Partners’
communities, too.

•

GAMERS - can earn IGG as they participate within the IG ecosystem; this includes,
player contracts, prize pools, reward schemes and brand sponsorships and much
more.

•

TEAMS - will earn IGG by performing in competitions, the GSP and brand
sponsorship. Teams will either acquire players from our GGE. They will have the
option to offer player contracts, using IG contract templates or recruiting players
by the event.

•

BRANDS - use IGG and other Partner tokens as payment for advertising and
sponsorship agreements with stakeholders at competition events. They will also
integrate IGG and partner tokens into their long-term plans within the IGGalaxy.

•

PROFESSIONALS - will also be have the opportunity to be receive IGG for their
services and products.

•

WIDER PUBLIC - includes anyone with an interest in esports and gaming,
particularly the spectators. They will be able to utilise IGG to actively participate
within the IG esports ecosystem, which may include; supporting their favourite
teams, purchasing their merchandise or tipping gamers with IGG.

12

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

IGG’s value is based purely on supply and demand economics.
We have a 50 billion IGG supply to ensure liquidity across our ecosystem. With
the supply fixed, it is often the demand that determines the value of a utility token
on exchanges. Thus, as further adoption of IGG occurs, and further use cases are
implemented, the demand for IGG should organically increase. Our strategy for the
tokenomics of IGG and Partner tokens has been planned to ensure sustainability and
organic growth.

13

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

TOKENISED DIGITAL COMPETITIVE ESPORTS ECONOMY
Our tokenised model serves to mitigate the current geographical barriers that affect
the exchange of value, ensuring security, speed, and transparency. As stakeholders
interact with our ecosystem, this swift exchange of value will be the driving force
behind providing sustainable liquidity.
Our effective tokenised model has further layers. We will continue to secure global
esports partnerships, integrating their own bespoke tokens, which will be underpinned
IGG. Prospective Partners will find themselves able to offer a completely different
value proposition, also enabling them to further monetise their audience.
We will fully support our Partners’ transition to the digital age, assisting with the
planning and integration of a sustainable token. In the infographic below are some
suggested, albeit generic use cases for Partner tokens, which include the benefits of
holding. As we progress, we will look to work closely with our Partners to establish
unique use cases for their respective tokens.

14

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

IG BUSINESS MODEL

15

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

MARKETING PLAN
Intergalactic Gaming converges two extensive addressable markets; esports and
blockchain. Merging the two will radically evolve the landscape, offering IG a unique
opportunity to carve out a prominent position in the esports industry. Our marketing
strategy will be to establish our brand essence across the industry, placing a clear
focus on customer acquisition and retention.
OUR STRATEGIES INCLUDE:
•
•

Community Driven Approach
Our community will play a huge role in our growth as they spread the
Intergalactic vision. Our strategy involves rewarding our community for the
value to they add to our ecosystem.

•
•
•

Use of social media
Our target market will be digital natives who use a number of popular social
media platforms.

•
•
•

Online personalities
We will actively seek to partner with athletes, celebrities, musicians, vloggers
and other influencers. By acting in synergy with influences, we can accelerate
the adoption of esports and the TRON protocol.

•
•
•

Strategic Partnerships
We will partner with endemic and non-endemic brands in our crusade to take
the esports industry to the next level.

•
•
•
•
•
•

Content Marketing
We will attract wider audiences through education, consultation and engagement.
Referral Scheme
This initiative will incentivise Galacticans to invite their friends to join the
IGGalaxy.

16

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

THE IG PROTOCOL OVERVIEW
The IG protocol involves the development of a sustainable platform that will radically
transform the way stakeholders interact and exchange value. Our platform will be
built in three phases:

1
2

3

Alpha Phase - this phase entails releasing our platform with enough
features to facilitate esports competitions. (Q4 - Q1 2019)
Beta Phase - building on the Alpha platform, we will integrate
significantly more planned features into the Beta, enabling further
testing of our platform before the full release. This phase will see
further interaction with the Tron blockchain. (Q1-Q4 2019)
IGGenesis Phase - this phase will see all of our planned features
implemented as we publicly release the platform to the world.
(Q4 2019 onwards)

WHY USE BLOCKCHAIN?
Blockchain technology eliminates the interactional boundaries between parties,
ensuring total transparency. It is an innovative solution to the current issues of
high transaction fees, exchange rates, costly or ineffective mediators and slow
transaction speeds. By enabling peer-to-peer payments, blockchain opens the door
to direct peer-to-peer interaction resulting in a truly decentralised sharing economy.

17

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

Smart contracts enable the automatic enforcement of agreements, removing the
need for third parties and drastically reducing costs. Our smart contract templates
will make it easy for stakeholders to enter into agreements with each other. Smart
contracts between stakeholders will therefore be the impetus for enhancing
scalability and monetisation across the IG landscape as a whole.
With a vast number of stakeholders frequently exchanging value, our solution
naturally lends itself to blockchain technology, subsequently encouraging mass
adoption.

18

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

WHY TRON?
The TRON protocol is one of the largest blockchain based operating system in the
world, boasting speeds over 2000 transaction per second (80 times faster than
Ethereum). Yet, the most powerful features of TRON reside in the decentralised
protocol of the technology and presence of the community behind it. We want to create
a gaming ecosystem, that like TRON’s vision of a virtual civilisation, is: decentralised,
independent, self-governed, equal and cooperative across all stakeholders.
Intergalactic Gaming Gold (IGG) makes use of TRON’s Token Module. The system’s
Token Module, abbreviated as TKC, allows its issuers to deploy digital tokens that
have already been customised and validated. This will enable IG to create Partner
tokens that will be exchanged throughout the TRON network and IG ecosystems
alike.
TRON is a host of its own virtual machine from which smart contracts operate from.
The smart contract module of TRON allows users to customise contracts to suit the
diverse and complex functionalities specific to their business needs.
We have the opportunity to build a gaming platform by gamers, for gamers. Thanks
to TRON’s protocol, we can raise the funds to develop one incredible platform oozing
with gamer centric features; eradicating the need compromise ourselves to VCs like
most gaming platforms before us.

19

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

TRON SR CANDIDACY
To date, there are over 188 SR candidates on the TRON network, voted on by the
community through TRON’s democratic consensus mechanism. However, for a
candidate to become an elected SR they must be ranked in the top 27.
Freezing 1 TRX = 1 TRON Power = 1 vote
To break into the top 27, an SR candidate is required to surpass the elected SR with
the lowest number of votes, which currently is at least ~107 million votes. Elected
SR’s are essentially guardians of the TRON blockchain, managing the productivity of
the network and representing their respective communities in key decisions. Elected
SR’s provide technical governance and maintain system performance, as well as
producing blocks, in turn receiving 32~ TRX for each block produced.

COMMUNITY SUPPORT PLAN
IG’s aim as an elected SR is to support the growth of the TRON network, particularly
as we look to formally establish our tokenised esports ecosystem. Through the
tokenisation of competitive gaming, and esports, we can solidify and nurture the
presence of competitive gaming on the TRON blockchain, embracing the natural
synergy between IG and TRON.
Maintaining IG’s core values of ‘transparency’ and ‘inclusivity’, it is important that
the community is aware that IG will not retain a financial profit from being an
SR candidate or when elected as an SR. Rewards will be distributed back to the
community and used to build an esports ecosystem on the TRON network, minus
the costs of operation.
Plan details on the next page.

20

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

There will be three phases to our SR distribution plan; however, the criteria for these
reward structures may be subject to change:

21

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

CHALLENGES FOR IG
Although there are certain challenges ahead, we have taken, and will continue to take
steps towards minimising the impact these challenges.
•

Regulatory – assistance will be of the upmost importance as there are
elements of IG that require special legal advice. This covers: Company, IP, Tax
and Security Law.

•

Capital  — will be required for IG’s scalability; we will need to cover the costs for
development, marketing, professional advisors, team and general overhead.

•

Team — is central to IG. We are an ambitious, committed and driven group of
individuals that have proven to be extremely resourceful. As a collective, we have
made outstanding progress, but understand the importance of strengthening
the breadth and depth of the team. We are confident that the nature of IG will
entice extraordinary talent to join us on our Intergalactic journey.

•

Technological Expertise — will also be central to IG, meaning we will look to
recruit additional experienced developers and contractors. This, alongside our
present fantastic technical team will enable us to reach our milestones quicker.

•

Infrastructure Setup – of TRON poses a challenge out of our control. Although
we have established ourselves on one of the most powerful blockchains in
the world, we in part bound to its success. If TRON falls, we will be required
to migrate our infrastructure. Notwithstanding, we are confident of TRON’s
success.

•

Adoption — is crucial. IG’s success will be determined by the number of active
users; without users, the platform will simply not work. For this reason, we will
be strategic in the esport titles our platform supports, placing the community
at the forefront of decisions made. Our bespoke approach is sure to drive the
adoption of both esports and the TRON blockchain.

We have extensive measures in place to mitigate these challenges — but with anything
in life, nothing is guaranteed. Nonetheless, as we will continue to demonstrate, there
is a clear niche for the Intergalactic solution!

22

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

TEAM & ADVISORS
Having the right personnel is fundamental to the successful execution of our vision.
Intergalactic Gaming is more than just a job for our team. We are in the process of
laying the social foundations to the best competitive gaming platform ever. IG will
always seek to recruit those that share this ethos, alongside the values of dedication,
fairness, and transparency. In addition, we are active in our recruitment of Guardians
to support with upholding our brand values within our social media channels.
CORE IG TEAM
There are over 30 members of the Intergalactic team, including Guardians, with
diverse experiences and strengths. Here are the members of the core team:

Naeem Shabir

Managing Director

Alex Dakin

Josh Robson

Managing Director

Jamie Bell

Business Analyst

Lead Developer

Ava

Charlie Richardson

Graphic Designer

Streaming Coordinator

Musa Saidy

Head of
Communication

Omar Aly

UI/UX Designer

Tom Bailey

User Acquisition

23

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

Later on our journey, we will provide the community with further insight to the team
behind the project. As previously mentioned, we are a diverse team with a vast range
of skills. As we unveil our team, we will look to activate further prominent figures that
vehemently believe in our project’s success.

OFFICIAL PARTNERS

24

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

THE IG JOURNEY
THE BIG BANG
Despite being avid gamers, we stumbled across the esports phenomenon as a result
of the initial concept of what Intergalactic Gaming is today. Since discovery, we
have been dedicated to improving our understanding of the vastly complex esports
landscape. At the same time, we have consistently evolved our disruptive solution to
combat the issues pertinent across the esports industry.
Over the last few months, we have cemented our plans and are now preparing the
swift execution of our vision. Following the launch of our website (www.iggalaxy.
com) and have reached over 1000 users signing up in the space of two months.
You can see our updated Intergalactic Gaming roadmap on the following page.

Official_IGG

OfficalIGG

IntergalacticGaming

Intergalactic
Gaming

IGG Official
Telegram Group

Intergalactic
Gaming

intergalactic_gaming

Tap headings to
stay connected

25

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

26

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

REFERENCES
http://www.esportsinsider.com/2018/06/esi-birmingham-pwc-why-esports-isnt-all-thatdifferent-to-other-businesses/
https://esportsobserver.com/goldman-sachs-esports-report/
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/global-games-market-reaches-137-9-billion-in-2018mobile-games-take-half/
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/newzoos-esports-business-predictions-for-2021-abigger-industry-than-traditional-pro-sports/
https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/newzoo-global-games-market-report-2018light-version/
https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/newzoo-global-games-market-report-2017light-version/
https://nielsensports.com/reports/esports-playbook-2017/
https://s3.amazonaws.com/tron.network/Design+Book+of+TRON+Architecture_EN.pdf
https://ukie.org.uk/sites/default/files/UK%20Games%20Industry%20Fact%20Sheet%20
June%202018_0.pdf
https://www.forbes.com/sites/andrewrossow/2018/05/15/its-time-to-wake-up-theesports-space-with-blockchain/#3eeae9a94ff9
https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/industries/tmt/media/outlook/segment-findings.html
https://www.pwc.com/us/en/industries/entertainment-media/publications/globalentertainment-media-outlook.html
https://www.statista.com/topics/3121/esports-market/
https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/market-brief-year-in-review/

27

Intergalactic Gaming Litepaper

THANK
YOU

