MCO WHITEPAPER 2.0
26 July 2018

Version 2.04 - modified on JULY 2019
This whitepaper is a working document that is subject to review and changes

Crypto.com

2

Contents
1.

Legal Disclaimers

3

2.

Abstract

7

3.

Mission, Vision, Core Values & Competence Areas

7

4.

Strategy

8

5.

Track Record

9

6.

7.

5.1

MCO Token Stats

9

5.2

Milestones Achieved

9

5.3

Community

11

5.4

Leading Global Cryptocurrency Exchange Partners

12

Products

13

6.1

MCO Visa Card

13

6.2

Crypto.com App

16

6.3

Crypto Invest

18

6.4

Crypto Credit

20

6.5

Crypto Earn

22

Services & Benefits

24

7.1

MCO Private

7.2

BG50 (Both Get $50) Referral Program

7.3

Crypto Airdrops

24

COMING SOON
UPDATED

24
25

8.

Management Team

26

9.

Roadmap

29

10.

Token

30

10.1

MCO Token Information

10.2 MCO Token Utility
11.

Further information

30
30
33

Crypto.com

3

1. Legal Disclaimers
The MCO Token Sale was completed in June 2017. This updated whitepaper
is for informational purposes only and does not constitute any legal
relations between you and Crypto.com and its affiliates (collectively
referred to as “Crypto.com”). This whitepaper is a working document that is
subject to review and changes.
Eligible participants
Eligibility for participation in the initiatives described in this whitepaper (if
and when completed) is not guaranteed and is likely to be subject to legal
and regulatory restrictions. Citizens or residents of Hong Kong SAR are
specifically excluded and ineligible to participate in Crypto.com’s initiatives.
Licences and approvals are not assured in all jurisdictions
The Company and its subsidiaries intend to operate in full compliance
with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences
and approvals. This means that the development and roll-out of all the
initiatives described in this whitepaper are not guaranteed. Regulatory
licences and/or approvals are likely to be required in a number of relevant
jurisdictions in which relevant activities may take place. It is not possible
to guarantee, and no person makes any assurances, that any such
licences or approvals will be obtained within a particular timeframe or at
all. This means that the initiatives described in this whitepaper may not
be available in certain markets, or at all. This could require restructuring
of these initiatives and/or its unavailability in all or certain respects. In
addition, the development of any initiatives is intended to be implemented
in stages. During certain stages of development, the project may rely on
relationships with certain licensed third party entities. If these entities are
no longer properly licensed in the relevant jurisdiction, this will impact the
ability of the Company to rely on the services of that party.
No advice
This whitepaper does not constitute advice to purchase any MCO Tokens
nor should it be relied upon in connection with any other contract or
purchasing decision.

Crypto.com

4

No representations
No representations or warranties have been made to the recipient or
its advisers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information,
statements, opinions or matters (express or implied) arising out of,
contained in or derived from this whitepaper or any omission from
this document or of any other written or oral information or opinions
provided now or in the future to any interested party or their advisers.
No representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or
reasonableness of any plans, future projections or prospects and
nothing in this document is or should be relied upon as a promise or
representation as to the future. To the fullest extent possible, all liability
for any loss or damage of whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable or not)
which may arise from any person acting on any information and opinions
contained in this whitepaper or any information which is made available
in connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence,
default or lack of care, is disclaimed.
Translations
This whitepaper and related materials are issued in English. Any translation
is for reference purposes only and is not certified by any person. If there
is any inconsistency between a translation and the English version of this
whitepaper, the English version prevails.
Restricted transmission
This whitepaper must not be taken or transmitted to any jurisdiction where
distribution or dissemination of this whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No review by any regulatory authority
This whitepaper has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority.
Third party references
References in this whitepaper to specific companies, networks and/
or potential use cases are for illustrative purposes only. The use of any
company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any
affiliation with, or endorsement by, any of those parties.
All references to ‘dollars’, USD or ‘$’ are references to United States dollars
unless otherwise stated.

Crypto.com

5

Graphics
All graphics included in this whitepaper are for illustrative purpose only. In
particular, graphics with price reference do not translate into actual pricing
information.
Risk statements
Cryptographic tokens may be subject to expropriation and/or theft; hackers
or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with
our system/network in various ways, including malware attacks, denial
of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing, and
spoofing which may result in the loss of your cryptographic tokens, the
loss of your ability to access or control your cryptographic tokens. In such
event, there may be no remedy, and holders of cryptographic tokens are
not guaranteed any remedy, refund, or compensation.
The regulatory status of cryptographic tokens and digital assets is currently
unsettled, varies among jurisdictions and subject to significant uncertainty.
It is possible that in the future, certain laws, regulations, policies or rules
relating to cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology, or
blockchain applications may be implemented which directly or indirectly
affect or restrict cryptographic token holders’ right to acquire, own, hold,
sell, convert, trade, or use cryptographic tokens.
The uncertainty in tax legislation relating to cryptographic tokens
and digital assets may expose cryptographic token holders to tax
consequences associated with the use or trading of cryptographic token.
Digital assets and financial products and services carry significant risks.
Potential purchasers should assess the nature of, and their own appetite
for, relevant risks independently and consult their advisers before making
any decisions.
Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This whitepaper contains certain statements that are forward-looking, by
their nature, subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Our forwardlooking statements are based on information currently available to us
about the business that we operate.

Crypto.com

6

Forward-looking statements may involve estimates and assumptions and
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our control
and prediction. Accordingly, these factors could cause actual results or
outcomes that differ materially from those expressed in the forwardlooking statements.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of which
such statement is made, we undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

Crypto.com

7

2. Abstract
The company started in June 2016 with the vision of cryptocurrency in
every wallet.
Crypto.com is redefining how money is being moved, spent and invested.
We are powering the Future of Money. Today.
Crypto.com is democratizing blockchain technology by designing beautiful,
simple and useful financial services that have a lasting, positive impact on
people’s lives.
Crypto.com completed the MCO token sale in June 2017. The project is fully
funded. This is not a fundraising document. The objective of the Crypto.
com Whitepaper 2.0 is to present our vision, product and strategy.

3.	Mission, Vision, Core Values &
Competence Areas
Our Mission
Accelerating the World’s Transition to Cryptocurrency.

Our Vision
Cryptocurrency in Every Wallet™.

Our Core Values
Think Clearly, Be Resourceful, Stay Determined, Dream Big &
Be Decisive, Act as Owners, Remain Humble.

Our Competence Areas
Engineering, Compliance & User Experience Design.

Crypto.com

8

4. Strategy
Distributed
Platform
Visa Card + Crypto.com App

Investment + Credit + Earn

Financial Services.
Redefined.
Crypto.com is building an outstanding and defensible platform to solve access
and usability challenges in the blockchain industry, and power redefined
financial services to improve our customers’ lives.
The Crypto.com includes the Crypto.com App (to buy, exchange, send and track
cryptocurrency) and the MCO Visa Card (to spend your cryptocurrency in the real
world).
Leveraging on the distributed platform, Crypto.com is building an innovative
portfolio management product “Crypto Invest” (to easily buy a basket of
cryptocurrency), an instant loan product “Crypto Credit” (to get credit to spend
on your MCO Visa Card by depositing cryptocurrency as collateral) and “Crypto
Earn” (to earn interest on cryptocurrency deposits).
Our strategy is to use the Crypto.com app as the distribution platform. We plan to
continue re-investing in both products’ benefits to make them even more attractive
for customers.

Crypto.com

9

5. Track Record
Since its founding, Crypto.com has achieved a number of
significant milestones.

5.1

MCO Token Stats
MCO Token Sale began on May 18, 2017 and ended on June 18, 2017.
MCO Token cost on day one of the Token Sale was equivalent to USD
0.60 and the MCO Token price as of May 19th, 2019 was $5.10 USD.
MCO Token is now listed on 29 exchanges, including Binance,
Bittrex, Bithumb, Huobi, OKex, Upbit, HitBTC, Bit-Z, EXX, Gate.io,
BigONE, Livecoin, Yobit, and Cobinhood.
Total trading volume of Crypto.com since July 2017 has been $9.2
billion USD.

5.2 Milestones Achieved
2016
June
Founded Crypto.com

September
Secured Card Issuing Capability

October
Built Prototype

November
Accepted into the Supercharger,
Asia’s Leading FinTech Accelerator

2017
February
Accepted into Hong Kong
Government Backed Cyberport
Incubation Program

April
Graduated from Supercharger,
Demo Day at the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange

Crypto.com

May - June
Launched Token Sale - Raised
$26.7M USD

10

July
Listed on Bittrex, Largest
Cryptocurrency Exchange by
Volume Globally

August
Listed on Binance, World’s Fastest
Growing Cryptocurrency Exchange

October
MCO Visa Card Program Receives
Green Light

Pre-Registration Apps Go Live
November
Partnership with Gemalto to
Produce Metal Cards Announced

December
Launched Listings on 9 Additional
Cryptocurrency Exchanges (Total 17)

2018
January
Announced Crypto Credit and
Crypto Invest Products on CNBC
April
Listed on Bithumb, Korea’s Largest
Cryptocurrency Exchange
July
Crypto.com Rebrand Announced
MCO Visa Card Line Up Announced

March
Global Cryptocurrency App
Closed Beta Program
May
Global Cryptocurrency App Open
Beta Released
MCO Staking Enabled
Marketing Campaign Started

MCO Revised White Paper Released
August
Litecoin Listed
September
Multi-currency Support Added
October
XRP Listed
Crypto Invest Launched
MCO Visa Cards Started Shipping
in Asia

Crypto.com

11

2019
February
MCO Visa Card New Value
Proposition Announced
Crypto.com Vortex Multi-Exchange
Trading Platform Launched
May
Crypto Credit Launched
Crypto Earn Launched

March
Crypto.com Pay Launched

July
US cards Launched

5.3 Community
Crypto.com has a very engaged, vibrant community – essential to
our brand’s long term success.

6,000+

68,000+

Facebook
Followers

Twitter
Followers

4,700+

5,000+

2,000+

YouTube
Subscribers

Telegram
Members

Instagram
Followers

6,100+
Reddit
Readers

3,000+
Discord
Members

Crypto.com

12

5.4	Leading Global Cryptocurrency
Exchange Partners

“

- Changpeng Zhao, CEO
We are supportive of Crypto.com’s vision to bring cryptocurrency to
every wallet. Crypto.com is perfectly aligned with Binance’s mission
to allow everyone to exchange digital assets seamlessly. Most
importantly, Crypto.com the cryptocurrency community needs
initiatives that will drive adoption globally and we are confident in
the Crypto.com team’s ability deliver a fantastic product.
We are supportive of Crypto.com’s goal to expand the ecosystem
and drive cryptocurrency adoption globally. Mutual support for our
tokens is an important first step as we continue to explore ways to
broaden our integration.

”

Crypto.com

13

6. Products
6.1 MCO Visa Card

Customer pain points/needs
Customers who want to buy and spend cryptocurrency face
cumbersome processes with long lead times (3-4 days) and a
scarcity of places where to do so
Customers who spend abroad with their regular credit or debit
cards are charged significant FX fees (up to 8% of purchase
amount) by financial institutions and may not get any additional
benefits for their purchase

Value Proposition
Crypto.com provides beautifully crafted MCO Visa approved pre-paid cards
for customers:
Metal card, no annual fee
Up to 5% back on ALL Spending
&

100% Rebate (Up to $9.99USD and $12.99 USD respectively)

&

10% Rebate (up to $50 USD/month)
TM

LoungeKey

Airport Lounge Access (selected cards)

Spend overseas at perfect interbank exchange rates
Conveniently spend and withdraw the fiat equivalent of their
cryptocurrency online and offline at all Visa approved merchants

Crypto.com

14

Pricing and Benefits
To get access to MCO Visa Platinum cards, each customer needs to
stake MCO Tokens in the Crypto.com App for 6 months.
Staked amount, card transaction fees and % back are highlighted
below:

Obsidian Black

50,000
MCO STAKE

Frosted Rose Gold
Icy White

5,000

Jade Green
Royal Indigo

500

Ruby Steel

50

Midnight Blue

0

MCO STAKE

MCO STAKE

MCO STAKE

MCO STAKE

5%

4%

3%

2%

1%

100%

100%

100%

100%

-

100%

100%

100%

-

-

10%

10%

-

-

-

10%

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

On-going staking beneﬁts
% Back in MCO

MCO Private
Basic beneﬁts
REWARDS

2%

1.75%

1.5%

1%

1%

ATM
WITHDRAWAL
FEES

No fee to
$1,000 USD

No fee to
$1,000 USD

No fee to
$800 USD

No fee to
$400 USD

No fee to
$200 USD

FOREIGN
EXCHANGE
FEES

Free
(unlimited)

No fee to
$10,000 USD

No fee to
$10,000 USD

No fee to
$4,000 USD

No fee to
$2,000 USD

AIRPORT
LOUNGE
(LOUNGEKEYTM)*

Lounge access
+
1 guest

Lounge access
+
1 guest

Lounge access

-

-

2% above

2% above

0.5% above

2% above

0.5% above

2% above

0.5% above

2% above

0.5% above

* Eligible customers will be able to enjoy unlimited access to
over 900 premium lounges in over 450 cities worldwide
** cf. MCO Private section for more details

Crypto.com

15

Differentiation
Metal card with no annual fee.
Benefits that challenge world’s best credit cards.
Beautiful, simple, secure app that covers all your crypto needs.

MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
	Enables customers to order MCO Platinum cards (for free) by
staking MCO Tokens
	Customer receives % back in MCO Token each time they transact
with their MCO Visa Card
	Enables customers to upgrade reserved MCO Visa Card to a higher
tier before their card ships by staking more MCO Tokens
Announcement: Obsidian Black Card Numerus Clausus Increase
The Limited Edition MCO Obsidian Black Card will be issued to the first
999 customers of the MCO Token Sale. Each of the cards has a unique
number engraved from 001 to 999 accompanied by the words “Founding
Member”. The priority of the numbers is set according to the following
rules:
001-499 – assigned to the top Token Sale contributors
500-999 – a
 ssigned to the fastest Token Sale contributors, based on
timestamp of their contribution
Upon receiving the MCO Obsidian Black Card, the Founding Members are
eligible for card-associated benefits, including % back, Airport Lounge
access plus one guest, and the best transaction FX/ withdrawal limits. The
Founding Members can stake their preferred amount of MCO Tokens (i.e.,
50/500/5,000/50,000) to enjoy other services & benefits including Referral
Rewards, and (5,000/50,000) for MCO Private.
Due to the strong demand and long waiting list for the Obsidian Black Card,
Crypto.com has decided to increase the number of Obsidian Black cards by 99.

Crypto.com

16

These new cards will be distributed based on a first-staked, first-served
basis.
For the 99 new Obsidian Black card-holders, continuous staking of
50,000 MCO Tokens is required for the activation of other services/benefits
including: MCO Private, and Referral Rewards (cf. section 7 for details).
Note

6.2 Crypto.com App

Customer pain points/needs
It is currently challenging for customers to buy and manage
cryptocurrency on their mobile in a secure and convenient way,
and to be able to track prices/movements of their assets
It is also challenging to spend cryptocurrency in the real world and
be able to secure and manage spending through a mobile app

Crypto.com

17

Value proposition
Crypto.com provides a secure, convenient and elegantly designed wallet
app for customers to:
Buy/sell cryptocurrency
Send/receive cryptocurrency
Track cryptocurrency prices and set alerts
Wallet App currently supports 32 cryptocurrencies including BTC, ETH,
XRP, LTC, MCO, CRO and BNB. More tokens will be added in the future.
Furthermore, the Wallet App enables customers to manage their MCO
Visa Card (once released) and enable spending of their cryptocurrency in
the online and offline world at more than 50 million merchants:
	Convert cryptocurrency into Fiat (USD, EUR, GBP, SGD, HKD, JPY,
AUD) - ready for spending
Enable withdrawal, freeze/unfreeze card
Upgrade card tier

Pricing
Best Order Execution: Crypto.com’s proprietary Vortex Trading Engine
pools liquidity from major exchanges globally and routes orders to
them to ensure the Best Execution Price. Coupled with our increasing
coverage of fiat top-up channels and very convenient app interface,
this makes Crypto.com App the best place to buy crypto.

Differentiation
Best-in-class designed app with smooth and easy user experience;
attractive transaction pricing, connected to the card for instant access
and spending.

Crypto.com

18

MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
	Receive Referral Rewards each time you or your friends transact on
the Crypto.com App. Increase benefits by staking more MCO Tokens
	Vote for your preferred token to be added to the Wallet using MCO
Token COMING SOON
	Receive ad-hoc token airdrops for selected token listings on the
Crypto.com App

6.3 Crypto Invest
Customer pain points/needs
It is difficult for customers to know which cryptocurrency to buy, to
hold or to sell
It is complex for customers to build and maintain a diverse
exposure to cryptocurrency

Crypto.com

19

Value proposition
Crypto.com provides a simple way to set up and a cryptocurrency portfolio
to participate in the future of money:

Get access to quant trading strategies to build a diversified and 		
individually traded portfolio based on your personal preferences
Start contributing with as little as $20 USD
Exit anytime without penalty

Pricing
	Crypto.com does not charge any management, exit or entry fees for
customers to participate in Crypto Invest
	Crypto.com only charges a success-based fee on generated profit
if the portfolio is over-performing vs initial portfolio Net Asset Value
(NAV)

Crypto.com

20

Differentiation
Access to advanced quant trading strategies, simplicity of use, no fees
other than success fee, withdraw any time without penalties.

MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
 eceive a 50% discount on all fees for Crypto Invest product if you
R
stake MCO Tokens
Crypto Invest may include an allocation of MCO Tokens to your
portfolio

6.4 Crypto Credit
Customer pain points/needs
Customer are sometimes expecting long term value appreciation of the
tokens they hold, and will want to get value out of those tokens without
converting them to fiat

Value proposition
Crypto Credit allows users instant access to cash without the need to
sell their cryptocurrency holdings.
Crypto Credit will be a lending platform that allows users to leverage
their blockchain assets to secure a loan.
Through the Crypto.com App, users can obtain credit using their
cryptocurrency holdings as collateral.
This credit can then subsequently be spent with MCO Visa Cards. It can
also be used to purchase other cryptocurrencies on the Crypto.com App.
Different cryptocurrencies will have different levels of collateral required.

Crypto.com

21

If the price of the collateral decreases to a certain level, a margin call will
be triggered and sent to the customer, who will have the option to top
up their collateral or repay the credit.
Inversely, if the price of the collateral increases to a certain level, the
customer will be offered the option to enjoy a higher credit.
Crypto.com will use its balance sheet to fund the credit.

Pricing
	Crypto.com will charge very competitive interest rates, only on the
utilized credit
Supported loan currencies include BTC, PAX, TUSD and loans in 		
more assets will be made available over time. Please visit
Crypto.com official communication channels for updates.

Crypto.com

22

Differentiation
Unique value proposition combining an innovative and price competitive
credit product and the MCO Visa Card enabling real world usage

MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
Reduce credit fees by up to 20% if you stake MCO Tokens
Get credit if you use MCO Token as collateral

6.5 Crypto Earn
Customer pain points/needs
Customers who hold crypto want to capitalize on their holdings while
retaining ownership.

Crypto.com

Value proposition
Crypto Earn gives users the freedom to grow their crypto assets and
earn interest up to 8% p.a.

Pricing
Term

3 months

1 months

Flexible

8% p.a.

6% p.a.

4% p.a.

6% p.a.

4% p.a.

2% p.a.

Amount Interest Earned
(with MCO staked)
Amount Interest Earned
(without MCO staked)

Supported deposit tokens include BTC, ETH, LTX, XRP, PAX, TUSD and
more assets will be added regularly. Please visit Crypto.com official
communication channels for updates.

MCO Token Utility
Through the Crypto.com App, users can deposit into Crypto Earn and:
Receive best interest rate (APR) with MCO staked.

23

Crypto.com

24

7. Services & Benefits
To benefit from MCO Private services, and referral commissions
from the Referral Rewards, customers are required to have the appropriate
amount of MCO Token in continuous staking.

Eligibility

To benefit from Crypto Airdrops, customers are required to hold MCO
Tokens in their Crypto.com App to be eligible.
All services & benefits described in this section are forward-looking only
(i.e., in effect on and after the date of activation), unless stated otherwise.

7.1	MCO Private

COMING SOON

MCO Private is a high-touch Crypto Concierge service available to holders
of Obsidian Black, Rose Gold and Icy White MCO Visa Cards while their
MCO Tokens are in continuous staking.
Eligible high net worth clients will enjoy exclusive benefits, such as:
Dedicated support phone number & instant message service/ access
Advice on selected transaction and services
	Exclusive access to industry events, including meeting industry
thought leaders
	Preferential access to other exclusive crypto opportunities
More details will be unveiled closer to launch date.

7.2	BG50 (Both Get $50) Referral
Program UPDATED
In our latest referral program, Both Get $50 - both referrers and their
friends receive a $50 USD bonus (in MCO) with each successful sign-up
and valid transaction (user staking at least 50 MCO - a metal MCO Visa
Card Reservation).

Crypto.com

25

The BG50 referral program packs these key features:
No Referral Limits - You can refer as many friends as possible;
you and your friends will each get $50 USD in MCO equivalent after they
complete their first valid transaction.
Anyone Can Participate - Available for all eligible Crypto.com App
users.
Bonus Credited Instantly - Your friends can use their sign-up bonus
immediately after they make a valid transaction on the App.

Notes:
We will continue to honor the referral commission for all your referrals prior
to the launch of the BG50 referral program. For new and future referrals
(effective 15 July at 8:00am UTC), you will get $50 USD (in MCO) when your
referrals complete their valid transaction in lieu of referral commission.
Limited time offer. Crypto.com reserves the right to change the terms or
cancel the BG50 referral program at its discretion.

7.3	Crypto Airdrops
Customers holding MCO Tokens in the Crypto.com App are eligible for
receiving ad-hoc token airdrops for selected token listings in the Wallet
App.
The airdrop amount each customer receives will be proportional to the
MCO Token staked in-app.

Crypto.com

26

8. Management Team
Experienced team with proven track record.

Kris Marszalek
Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer
Seasoned company builder. Before starting Crypto.com in 2016,
three-times founder in tech space (e-commerce, mobile LBS app,
consumer electronics): CEO at Ensogo, Founder at BEECRAZY (sold
for $21 million USD to iBuy Group in 2013). Passionate about working
with great teams on consumer products.

Rafael Melo, CPA
Co-Founder & Chief Financial Officer
15 years’ experience in finance, deep understanding of risk, compliance
and Mobile Payments ecosystem in Asia. Led fundraising efforts as
CFO at ASX-listed Ensogo, securing strategic investment from VIPSHOP
(NYSE:VIPS) and raising over AUD 50m from blue chip institutions
like Fidelity, Goldman Sachs and BlackRock. CFO at Mobile Payment
Solution, a MasterCard incubated technology company and Finance
Director at Embraer S.A., aerospace conglomerate that produces
commercial, military, executive and agricultural aircraft.

Gary Or
Co-Founder & Chief Technology Officer
Hacker, Product Designer, Entrepreneur, 9 years of full stack
engineering experience (RoR, Elixir, Golang), Keen interest in Machine
Learning and AI. Gary was platform Architect at Ensogo and CTO at
EventXTRA, a technology company incorporated in Hong Kong that
provides corporate event management software.

Bobby Bao
Co-Founder & Head of Corporate Development
Bobby leads corporate development efforts in Asia. He was China
Renaissance’s first employee on the M&A team, working on some of
the most high profile transactions, including the merger between Didi &
Kuaidi. Bobby is deeply connected within the blockchain industry in the
region. Named to the 2018 Forbes’ 30 Under 30 List

Crypto.com

27

Sean Rach
Chief Marketing Officer
Sean is responsible for building MCO’s global brand and the company’s
credibility with key stakeholders. Sean joined from Prudential Corporation Asia.

Erald Ghoos
Chief Operating Officer
COO at Payreto. COO at Funding Circle. Global VP Operations at Paysafe, Senior
operations at BNP Paribas.

Jason Lau
Chief Information Security Officer
Former regional Cyber Security Advisor at Microsoft. Certifications such as,
CISSP, CIPP/E, CGEIT, CRISC, CISA, CISM, CEH, CDNA, CSM, ITIL as well as being
on ISACA’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Global Working Group.

Eric Anziani
Chief Strategy Officer
Director of Strategy at Global Fashion Group. Previously at PayPal, McKinsey
and Goldman Sachs in London, Paris, Singapore and Tokyo.

Brent Diehl
Senior Vice President, International Expansion
Former Head, Prepaid Partner Solutions at Visa. Senior Director at Western
Union International Payments. Responsible for card portfolios outside of the
United States at Home Depot.

Maggie Ng
Senior Vice President, Head of Marketing
Head of Direct Marketing and Direct to Consumer for FWD Insurance and
Director of Digital Media for Prudential Corporation Asia.

Crypto.com

28

Weiyi Zhang, Ph.D.
Platform Architect
Senior VP, Quantitative Trading at AP Capital Management. VP of Electronic
Market Making at JP Morgan, Quant Strategist of Equity Derivative Trading at
Deutsche Bank.

Cerulean Hu
Lead Blockchain Engineer
Lead Engineer at Equichain, Team Lead - Finance and Trading Systems at
ANX, implemented blockchain solutions at FINCOVA, and was responsible for
developing trading algorithms at HSBC.

Ivan Stefanov
Senior Vice President, Risk Management
With more than 11 years of experience in risk management in the online
payments ecosystem. At Skrill and NETELLER, he managed teams across
multiple markets enhancing fraud prevention and payments setup. Ivan also
cofounded NOTOLYTIX, an innovative data processing startup that caters to all
aspects of risk management.

Matthew Chan

Chief information officer
Matthew brings with him over 15 years of experience as an executive in
IT strategy and cybersecurity. A former CTO of a multinational enterprise
software company focused on monitoring, cybersecurity and compliance, he
led the organization to win multiple back-to-back industry awards. He is also
a former CIO of a multi-strategy asset management company regulated by
the HK SFC, and has experience advising international clients such as Baker
McKenzie, RBS, Credit Suisse and Honda.

Kasim Zorlu
Senior Vice President, Head of Growth
A former VP of Performance Marketing at Rovio Entertainment (maker of Angry
Birds and Bad Piggies), Kasim joins Crypto.com with over 11 years experience
at leading online gaming companies. His experiences span from building
customer acquisition and retention teams, adjusting tech stacks, to scaling
user bases and bringing incremental revenue growth. He is a recognized
thought leader in the areas of data driven user acquisition, engagement and
retention.

9. Roadmap

Note 1
This roadmap is indicative of our future plan. The implementation of our
initiatives may be subject to factors that are beyond our control; in such
case, there may be changes or delay to the delivery timeline.
Note 2
The MCO Visa Card will not be available in the entire regions of Asia,
Europe and the US. We will announce the specific markets in due course.

Crypto.com

30

10. MCO Token
10.1	MCO Token Information
Token Symbol

Token Contract Address

Token Decimals

Token Total Supply

MCO

0xb63b606ac810a52cca15e44bb630fd42d8d1d83d

8

31,587,682.36 Tokens

Regarding the Token Total supply, the maximum supply of MCO tokens is
permanently limited to those issued during the ICO. No additional tokens will ever
be created.

10.2	MCO Token Utility
MCO Token Utility has been enhanced since its launch.
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:

MCO Visa Card
Enable customers to order MCO Visa Platinum Cards (for free) by
staking MCO Tokens
Enable customers to upgrade reserved MCO Visa Card to a higher
tier before their card ships by staking more MCO Tokens
Receive % back in MCO Rewards each time they transact with their
MCO Visa Card

Crypto.com

31

Crypto.com App
Receive Referral Rewards each time you or your friends transact on
the Crypto.com App. Increase benefits by staking more MCO Tokens
Vote for preferred token to be added to the MCO Wallet using MCO
Receive ad-hoc token airdrops for selected token listings on the
Crypto.com App

Crypto Invest
Receive a 50% discount on all fees for Crypto Invest product if you stake
MCO Tokens
Crypto Invest may include an allocation of MCO to your portfolio

Crypto Credit
Benefit from a preferred interest APR (8%) when MCO Token is
staked
Get instant loan when you use MCO Token as collateral

Crypto Earn
Benefit from a preferred interest APR (up to 8%) when MCO Token is
staked

Crypto.com

11. Further information
Crypto.com and MCO Token Information Discussion

www.crypto.com
blog.crypto.com
www.twitter.com/cryptocom
www.t.me/CryptoComOfficial
www.t.me/CryptoComOfficialAnnouncements
www.t.me/CryptoCom_Korea
www.reddit.com/r/Crypto_com
www.facebook.com/CryptoComOfficial
www.linkedin.com/company/cryptocom
www.instagram.com/cryptocomofficial
medium.com/@Crypto.com
www.discord.gg/nsp9JTC

33

Crypto.com

© Copyright 2019. For information, please visit crypto.com

34

