PlusCoin(PLC)
Whitepaper

4FQ 
.FUBQT1MVT*OD

Abstract

Metaps Plus Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Metaps Plus”) is a mobile marketing
solution and mobile FinTech company, having Korea’s biggest mobile commerce
company Smartcon Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Smartcon”) as a
subsidiary, and Metaps Inc. (TSE:6712), whose market value is evaluated to be
KRW 450 billion1 on Japan’s Stock Market as its largest shareholder. Metaps
Plus plans to build a comprehensive cryptocurrency ecosystem accessible by
cryptocurrency holders at any desired time and place, by constructing an
exchange market where cryptocurrencies can be freely traded in the future2 , and
which provides more than simple publications of cryptocurrencies and offers
various services to owners of cryptocurrencies.
The token Metaps Plus is planning to introduce to the Korean market will be
called PlusCoin (hereinafter referred to as “PlusCoin,” “PLC” or “Token”). Based
on the amounts of tokens owned, the owners of PLC can receive certain benefits
based on parts of the profit generated by exchange market’s CoinRoom, which
will be established around March 2018 (hereinafter referred to as the
“CoinRoom”).

PLC will be sold in the form of Initial Coin Offering (hereinafter

referred to as “ICO”), and will also be listed on major domestic and overseas
cryptocurrency exchange markets, other than the CoinRoom, so that they can be
traded freely.

1

As of July 2017.

2

Regarding the operation of the exchange market, however, Metaps Plus or a newly established

subsidiary or other affiliate of Metaps Plus may be in charge of the establishment,
management and granting of benefits thereof, pursuant to changes in relevant laws and other
circumstances.
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

Abstract

PlusCoin ICO of Metaps Plus will be the world’s first case in which a company
with sufficient capital to maintain an orderly market issues cryptocurrency. The
cryptocurrency ecosystem Metaps Plus intends to build is a stable transaction
system that is designed to closely relate to the real-world economy, rather than
forming a cryptocurrency trading which is separated from the real-world
economy, and aims to provide protection to PLC owners and guarantee free
trading thereof.

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

Table of Contents
1. Introduction/background to Issuance of Cryptocurrency
2. Novelty of PLC
2.1. Protection of currency value and owners
(Connection to the real-world economy)
2.2. Establishment of CoinRoom, a cryptocurrency exchange market
2.2.1. Advantages of CoinRoom
2.2.2. Additional benefits for PLC owners.
2.3. Additional Benefits
2.3.1. PlusCoin SDK
2.3.2. Payment system for mobile coupons
2.4. Money Flow Platform

3. Benefit Structure for Tokens
3.1. Introduction to issuance of tokens
3.2. Benefits for token owners
3.3. Other token usage services
3.4. Conditions for return of ETH used for purchase of PlusCoin

4. Details of ICO
4.1. Specifications of and schedule for PLC tokens
4.2. Matters to note in participating in the ICO
4.3. Distribution of tokens
4.4. Plans for using token sales proceeds

5. Schedule
6. Legal Notifications
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

1. Introduction/Background to Issuance of Cryptocurrency

Within ten years after the first appearance of ‘Bitcoin’ in 2008, the world’s initial
cryptocurrency, a huge market has been developed in which cryptocurrencies
worth $6.35 billion (KRW 7.2 trillion) is being traded3 . Since the appearance of
Ethereum in 2015, cryptocurrencies are facing a new phrase – with realization
of the concept of ‘smart contracts,’ introduction of the ERC-20 token standards,
and establishment of platforms for ICO, various block-chain based businesses
can now publish tokens to raise capital.
ICOs after Ethereum can be divided into two categories: (a) ICOs aiming to develop platforms by developing and distributing new blockchains (e.g. EOS, IOTA,
COSMOS), and (b) ICOs aiming to resolve specific problems by issuing tokens
on already existing blockchain platforms (e.g. BAT, Steem, Status). PLC of
Metaps Plus takes the latter approach, and aims to overcome various business
limitations of the real world or various technical limitations of the existing server-client structure, through the characteristics of distributed ledger and smart
contracts.

3

Please refer to coinmarketcap.com

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

2. 1. Protection of currency value and investors
(Connection to the real-world economy)
Having become rapidly popularized, blockchain technology is now being viewed
as a new investment target which can overcome limitations and shortcomings of
the existing stock markets. On the other hand, damages are increasingly incurred
by token buyers due to indiscreet ICOs lacking even the minimum credibility in
companies and minimum buyer protection mechanisms, in a situation where
related laws and regulations are not yet prepared. In order to stabilize cryptocurrency values and to prevent situations in which cryptocurrencies will become
investment vehicles with frequent price fluctuations, blockchains should be connected to the real-world economic system. Ultimately, a paradigm shift should
take place to enable entities with substantial capital and assets to build token
ecosystems, and in this regard, Metaps Plus, being a company operating mobile
fintech business, would like to propose this contemplated PlusCoin ICO.
Metaps Plus, the issuer of PLC, is a FinTech company which runs the largest application marketing reward platform NAS (trade mark registration no.
4012646300000) in Korea, with 300 thousand daily users. Metaps Plus sells
mobile vouchers on 300 channels including Kakaotalk, ONE store, Facebook, and
Naver Band etc. through its subsidiary Smartcon, and also owns infrastructures
usable online and offline, such as POS (payment method, not stock certificate)
equipment in all offline affiliate stores including BBQ, Megabox, and E-mart, and
also major point program businesses, such as L.point, OK Cashbag, GS&POINT,
and BC card. Transactions through Smartcon amount to KRW 100 billion every
year in Korea, in 34,000 affiliate stores.

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

By introducing blockchains to the already stabilized infrastructure, we intend to
enable the users to enjoy future increase in the value of cryptocurrency as well as
to utilize the current value thereof (using as a payment method, reduction of various commissions for PLC owners, using as an international transaction method).
These being goals which most of the pre-existing issuers of cryptocurrency
aimed to reach but failed, PlusCoin ICO of Metaps Plus, which is the first attempt
made by a stable payment network owner, will realize such goals.

2. 2. Establishment of CoinRoom, a cryptocurrency exchange market
2. 2. 1. Advantages of CoinRoom
In Korea, the numbers of cryptocurrency exchange market users are increasing
rapidly. As of 14 July 2017, Bithumb’s Bitcoin transactions account for approximately 3% of the entire Bitcoin market worldwide. With regard to Ethereum transactions, Korea’s Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit are ranked as world’s 1st, 4th and
11th market, respectively. For Ripple, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd ranking exchange markets
are all Korean markets4. Despite such outstanding trade volumes worldwide,
Korean exchange markets have failed to earn good reputations.
The problems with the current cryptocurrency exchange markets can be summarized as (a) security problems and (b) limitation in services (treatment of only
limited types of cryptocurrencies, and inconveniences associated with related
transactions, etc). First of all, while blockchains are perceived as stable and

4

Please refer to coinmarketcap.com

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

secure protocols due to the structure of its transaction, security within exchange
markets which provide transactions of such cryptocurrency is another risk for
the customers who intend to trade cryptocurrencies5 . Cryptocurrency exchange
markets utilize the old centralized client-server structure and store blockchain
public keys (wallet addresses) and private keys of the customers in the server,
making themselves vulnerable to server security breaches by outsider attacks or
information leaks by insiders, in which cases the cryptocurrencies inside the
exchange markets may be stolen without the blockchain networks being hacked.
Second, the existing markets support only a few kinds of cryptocurrencies (Korbit, which offers the widest array of cryptocurrency choices in Korea, is also
known to support only 7 different kinds of tokens). Especially, Korea-based
exchange markets only offer trade options for legal currencies, so if users face
difficulties in direct trading (such as Poloniex, Bittrex) and need to change a certain cryptocurrency to another cryptocurrency (for example exchange Bitcoin
with Ethereum), users must pay commission charges two times to the exchange
market, and thus suffer great inconveniences thereby.
Cryptocurrency CoinRoom is a cryptocurrency exchange market to be opened
and run by Metaps Plus or another business entity to be newly established, in
March 2018. CoinRoom will be designed as an infrastructure with networks separated according to the Personal Information Management System (PIMS) and
Information Security Management System (ISMS) managed by the Korea Internet & Security Agency, and will make hacking impossible by introducing a with-

5

During the last decade after the first introduction of Bitcoin in 2008, blockchain itself has

not yet been hacked, but a few foreign exchange markets including Mt. Gox and Bitfinex faced
large scale attacks by hackers.
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

drawal process with multifactor authentication and a verification mechanism for
PlusCoin token owners regarding their ability to pay.
Also, CoinRoom will support DigiByte, Stratis, and other tokens currently not
traded in Korea-based exchange markets, and will also provide direct transaction
services between different cryptocurrencies, as well as transactions between
Korean won and cryptocurrencies. By being the first Korean exchange market
which enables direct transition between cryptocurrencies with Ethereum as the
base currency, CoinRoom will be able to offer its users a high degree of convenience which users cannot experience in other Korean exchange platforms.

<*NBHF$PJO3PPN8FC6*>

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

2. 2. 2. Additional benefits for PLC owners
Owners of PlusCoin can receive certain benefits based on parts of the profit generated by the CoinRoom. In order for the PlusCoin owners to receive such compensation, tokens earned through PlusCoin ICO must be deposited in the PlusCoin customer wallets to be generated in the CoinRoom (Section 3.2. of this
Whitepaper will discuss further about the benefits of PlusCoins offered by the
CoinRoom). PLC owners will enjoy gains from the operation of the CoinRoom
from just owning the coins, with other owners of PlusCoin, regardless of future
value increase of the tokens.
A company to be newly established will be in charge of the establishment and
operation of the CoinRoom and granting of the benefits to the owners of PlusCoin, and such company is planned to be a subsidiary or affiliate of Metaps Plus.
Tokens distributed through ICO are irrelevant to shares of the company who will
operate CoinRoom, and certain benefits listed in this White Paper will be provided.

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

2. 3. Additional Benefits
2. 3. 1. PlusCoin SDK

(BNF

-JGF'JOBODF

4IPQQJOH

NAS
Network Ad Service

1PSUBM&EVDBUJPO&UD

<*NBHF$PNQBOJFTFOHBHFEJOUIFOFUXPSLBEWFSUJTFNFOUTZTUFNSVOCZ.FUBQT1MVT>

There are many advertisement networks in the market, including NAS, a mobile
advertisement platform run by Metaps Plus. However, rewards collected by
users are stored in each different medium and are thus difficult to combine. Also,
transfers of such rewards require complex and pricy procedures. In this regard,
Metaps Plus plans to launch PlusCoin SDK, which presents improvements to the
pre-existing NAS, after the launching of PlusCoin ICO and the CoinRoom.
Based on the CoinRoom exchange market, PlusCoin SDK will be a service which
provides rewards in the form of cryptocurrency and offers wallet management on
mobile devices, and advertisers will be able to save advertisement fees based on
the number of PlusCoins they own, or use PlusCoin directly as advertisement

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

fees. Mediums and users will be able to easily transfer and exchange compensations accumulated through advertisements. The two examples narrated below
are examples of services provided through the accumulation of cryptocurrency
rewards or mining games.

*NBHF&YBNQMFPGVTJOH4%,
ˊˎ$PJO4VSOH ˏBNPCJMFDSZQUPDVSSFODZSFXBSETBDDVNVMBUJPOTFSWJDF

<*NBHF&YBNQMFPGVTJOH4%,ˊˎ%JHMBOE ˏBDSZQUPDVSSFODZEJHHJOHHBNF>

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

2.3.2. Payment system for mobile coupons
Smartcon, a subsidiary of Metaps Plus, runs the largest platform for mobile
vouchers in Korea and generates approximately KRW 100 billion worth of transactions with more than 200 brands and 34,000 stores every year. ‘Gifticard,’ the
representative mobile coupon of Smartcon, interacts with the users within major
messengers such as Kakotalk and Line, and has built the following network,
which can read barcodes which have been generated in real-time through offline
store POS and process payment thereof.

<*NBHF0O0JOFDPVQPOQBZNFOUTZTUFNPX>

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

However, under the above infrastructure, every business entity participating in
the coupon payment system must execute partnership agreements directly, and
during the payment process, costs will be incurred due to verification procedures
among various entities such as PG companies, card companies and banks, and
such costs should be borne jointly by the relevant store and the coupon user.
Metaps Plus intends to establish a mobile coupon payment system which is ‘operated on the basis of PLC’, by combining the liquidity of PLC and the advantages
of blockchain, which does not require many entities for verification. Such system
will be provided in the forms of SDK or API, and each contracting store will be
able to join the network via smart contracts, without any further processes for
partnership. Buyers of mobile coupons will receive discount premiums based on
the amount of PLC owned, and sellers of mobile coupons will obtain opportunities to join discount bids based on the amount of PLC owned. On this system,
PLC will become an intermediate medium for combining and exchanging different card points and mileages, and at the same time, will play a role of providing
all possible information and values associated with the payment network to the
full extent to PLC owners.

2.4. Money Flow Platform
Metaps Plus intends to complete a ‘Money Flow Platform’ which connects on/offline commerce with cryptocurrency economy through CoinRoom and PlusCoin.
The ultimate goal of this platform is to build a circular structure where points collected through compensatory advertisements can be exchanged into cryptocurrencies through the CoinRoom, cryptocurrencies purchased in CoinRoom can be
used for payments of mobile coupons, and points can be collected again during
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

2. Novelty of PLC

such payment procedure. PlusCoin ICO will build an ecosystem which provides
stable benefits and success to coin owners through a predictable model, through
the credibility of and operation of the exchange platform by the issuer.

$POWFSTJPO

POPJOF
$POWFSTJPO$PNNFSDF

$SZQUP$VSSFODUZ
#JUDPJO &UIFSFVN

1BZNFOU

&YDIBOHF

#SBOET##
.POFUJ[BUJPO

<*NBHF.POFZ'MPX1MBUGPSNEFTJHOFECZ.FUBQT1MVT>

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

3. Benefit Structure for Tokens

3.1. Introduction to issuance of tokens
PlusCoin is a standard ERC20 token distributed in the Ethereum blockchain network. Please refer to https://github.com/Onther-Tech/pluscoin-crowdsale for
further details of the ICO. In this ICO, ETH is the only measure available for obtaining PlusCoin.
The primary value of PlusCoin is earning of benefits by the users, and for the
achievement of this value, PlusCoin has prepared the following benefits regarding certain rewards and return of CoinRoom exchange commissions. Owners of
PlusCoin can receive benefits based on the volume of transactions at the CoinRoom exchange market, other than the profits earned by the value increase of
PlusCoin.

3.2. Benefits for token holders
˖Rewards :
After the end of each fiscal quarter of the CoinRoom, PlusCoin owners can
receive, upon discretion and decision of the company operating the CoinRoom,
certain rewards in the form of PlusCoin or ETH, provided that the amount does
not exceed 10% of the portion of the CoinRoom’s profit generated by the transaction commissions. In the event the company operating the CoinRoom decides on
an execution of rewards, first rewards are planned to be made in July, after the
closing of the second quarter (April~June) of 2018, and grounds for the payment
of such rewards can be found through the below ‘Search on Company Information.’

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

3. Benefit Structure for Tokens

˖Search on Company Information :
PlusCoin owners can view various information, such as the volume of transaction, sales cost, and SG&A of the CoinRoom exchange market on the PlusCoin
Premium Page, which is scheduled to open in March 2018 in the CoinRoom
exchange market.

˖Discount on Exchange Commissions :
Based on the amount of PlusCoin owned, commissions paid by relevant PlusCoin
owners for transactions within CoinRoom will be returned every quarter. The percentages of commissions to be returned are as follows:

/VNCFSTPG1-$PXOFE
OPMFTTUIBO_MFTTUIBO

1FSDFOUBHFPG
DPNNJTTJPOTSFUVSOFE

_ 



 _ 



 _ 



/PMFTTUIBO 



In order to verify token ownership, users should deposit PlusCoin in his/her private wallets on the PlusCoin investors’ webpage, which is scheduled to open in
January 2018 in the CoinRoom exchange market.
PlusCoins distributed through ICO before the opening of exchange market will be
delivered to the private wallets (ERC20) of the ICO participants, and will be distributed via smart contract code, immediately upon the ICO participation. For private wallets, standard wallets such as MyEtherWallet, MetaMask or Mist, etc. are
recommended.
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

3. Benefit Structure for Tokens

3.3. Other token usage services
Apart from commission discounts at CoinRoom, we plan to develop and launch
the following services for the full utilization of PlusCoin by the users. Each service includes benefits for PlusCoin owners:

˖PlusCoin SDK :
We plan to provide rewards in the form of mobile compensation advertisements
through PlusCoin and other cryptocurrencies, develop a SDK suitable for wallet
management and use of Exchange API, and thus plan to design major functions
by reflecting the requests of Metaps Plus’s cooperative partners. Different to the
standard compensation advertisement SDK, advertisers can save advertisement
fees based on the number of PlusCoin owned, or use PlusCoin itself to pay for the
advertisement fees, and mediums and users will be able to easily transfer and
exchange compensations accumulated through advertisements.

˖PlusCoin Store :
A store SDK or API where users can buy game moneys and vouchers for restaurants, convenient stores, beverages and gifts through PlusCoin and other cryptocurrencies. The PlusCoin Store will serve as the contact point between the
blockchain token-based mobile coupon payment service, which is scheduled to
launch in July 2018, and its users. It will be structured in a way to enable consumers who own PlusCoins to receive discount premiums based on the amount
of tokens owned, and sellers who own PlusCoins to enjoy freedom at discounted
bids based on the amount of tokens owned.

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

3. Benefit Structure for Tokens

˖PlusCoin Leasing Services :
PlusCoin plans to provide services through which users can lease PlusCoin,
having Bitcoin, Ethereum or other cryptocurrencies held as securities. Through
the provision of such secured loan services, existing owners of cryptocurrencies
may enjoy fluidity and use his/her credibility gained at the exchange market in
the real-word economy.

3.4. Conditions for return of ETH used for purchase of PlusCoin
PlusCoin ICO by Metaps Plus will be carried out pursuant to the road map provided in this Whitepaper. For the stable settlement of PlusCoin, we plan to launch a
cryptocurrency exchange market called ‘CoinRoom’ by March 2018, as indicated
in ‘Section 5. Schedule’ below.
In the event CoinRoom fails to open its services by 30 March 2018 due to Metaps
Plus or a subsidiary or other affiliate of Metaps Plus, Metaps Plus will, upon
request, return the ETH used for the purchase of tokens through PlusCoin ICO.

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

4. Details of ICO

4.1. Specifications of and schedule for PLC tokens
The goal for token sales is minimum 30,000 ETH (approximately USD 10,000,000,
provided that the amount is subject to modification set-ups depending on the
market price of ETH) and maximum 100,000 ETH (approximately USD
30,000,000). If we fail to reach the minimum goal, ETH used for the purchase will
be returned to those who have participated in the token purchases.
˖Name of the token : PlusCoin
˖Token symbol : PLC
˖Token contract address :

to be announced within 48 hours before the date of ICO
˖Volume of tokens to be published : will be determined by the total volume

of ETH collected through smart contracts during the set period
˖Basic exchange rate : 1 PLC = 0.005 ETH ( 1 ETH = 200 PLC )
˖Minimum sales amount : 30,000 ETH

(subject to modification set-ups depending on the market price of ETH)
˖Maximum sales completion amount : 100,000 ETH
˖Starting Date : 26 September 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST)
˖End Date : 10 October 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST)

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

4. Details of ICO

The ICO shall take place during the 5 time periods as set forth below, and additional PLC shall be provided to each participant of each time period, in the form
of a bonus. The bonus rate for each time period shall be as follows:



˖26 September 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST)
~ 27 September 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST) : PLC +20%



˖27 September 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST)
~ 30 September 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST) : PLC +15%



˖30 September 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST)
~ 03 October 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST) : PLC +10%



˖03 October 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST)
~ 06 October 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST) : PLC +5%



˖06 October 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST)
~ 10 October 2017 00:00 UTC (09:00 KST) : no bonus






% % % % % 
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

4. Details of ICO

4.2. Matters to note in participating in the ICO
The participation maximum for each account is limited to 5,000 ETH. If one is to
participate in the ICO more than 2 times using one same account, the time interval between each participation shall be at least 20 blocks (5 minutes), and in calculating same, the Ethereum block timing shall be applied in priority over UTC.

4.3. Distribution of tokens

$PJO3PPNFYDIBOHF



1MVT$PJO





5PLFO#VZFST

5PLFO#VZFST

$PSF5FBN

$PSF5FBN

$PJO3PPNFYDIBOHF

• 70% : distributed to ICO participants (lock period TBD, based on audit schedule)
• 20% : distributed to the PlusCoin team (12 months vesting)
• 10% : the amount of PlusCoin reserved by CoinRoom exchange market (no lock)

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

4. Details of ICO

4.4. Plans for using token sales proceeds

&YUFSOBM1BSUOFST
3FTFSWFGPS"SCJUSBHF



$PJO3PPN3FTFSWF




%FW 0QFSBUJPO 
13 .BSLFUJOH FUD

$PJO3PPN3FTFSWF

%FW 0QFSBUJPO 13 .BSLFUJOH FUD

3FTFSWFGPS"SCJUSBHF

&YUFSOBM1BSUOFST

• 50% : Amount of ETH reserved by the exchange market for transactions of
cryptocurrencies
• 25% : Development, operation, marketing, PR and driving costs for the exchange
market
• 20% : Reserved amount for arbitrage trading through partnerships with foreign
exchange platforms
• 5% : Advisory fees for external partners, such as Hwang Mok Park, PWC, Grant
Thornton and Samsung Securities.
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

5. Schedule

*$0
4FQ

.BS

+VOF

+VMZ

$SPXETBMF

0QFO$PJOSPPN

1MVTDPJO4UPSF

1MVTDPJO4%,

4FQ
-FOEJOH1MBUGPSN

• September 2017(D + 0) : PlusCoin ICO
• March 2018 (D + 150) : Launching of the exchange market; begin trading of Bitcoin,
Ethereum, PlusCoin
• June 2018(D + 240) : Launching of PlusCoin Store
• July 2018 (D + 270) : Launching of PlusCoin SDK
• September 2018 (D + 330) : Launching of PlusCoin Leasing services

Specific details of the above schedule may be subject to changes pursuant to
relevant circumstances, except for the launching of the exchange market.

$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

6. Legal notifications

6.1. Audit
Yearly audits will be conducted on documents relating to coin publication (such
as publication and distribution of coins, smart contract codes, etc.) and the
financial statements of the exchange market by one of the four largest auditing
firms, and relevant audit reports will be posted on the exchange market website.

6.2. Restrictions on nationality of ICO participants
Those who are a U.S., Singaporean, Chinese or Japanese national, those who
reside in such countries or those who represent such person(s) cannot participate in the PlusCoin ICO of Metaps Plus.

6.3. Risk management regulations
Although publications and use of cryptocurrencies are increasing, not many
countries regulate on cryptocurrencies by law. However, there are worldwide demands for regulatory frameworks on cryptocurrencies, and relevant regulatory
bodies in Korea also have formed a TFT in November 2016 to prepare for an introduction of a regulatory oversight.
Depending on the future introduction of related regulations, publications and use
of cryptocurrencies may be restricted, and the terms and conditions provided for
in this Whitepaper and the Purchase Terms and Conditions which will be posted
separately may be subject to changes. In the event any changes need to be
made to this Whitepaper or the terms and conditions of sales in order to refrain
from violating any establishment of or amendment to relevant laws or regula$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

6. Legal notifications

tions, any authoritative order, guidelines or administrative orders, or any orders,
resolutions or decisions of court or other authoritative bodies, such changes
shall not constitute a breach of this Whitepaper or the coin purchase terms and
conditions.

6.4. Taxes
˖Value-added tax

The current opinion of Korean tax authorities is that cryptocurrencies are not
subject to value-added tax when used as currencies, but are subject to value-added tax when traded as goods. In this regard, the specific situations under
which the tax authorities will consider cryptocurrencies as either currencies or
goods are so far unclear. However, once cryptocurrencies start to be traded on
exchange platforms, it is considered to be highly likely that cryptocurrencies will
be deemed as goods. Therefore, except for cases where an individual, not a business operator, purchases cryptocurrencies on the exchange market on a
one-time basis without any business purpose, (although it is not clear whether or
not value-added tax will be imposed on transactions in the exchange market
conducted by individual residents, individual non-residents, Korean and foreign
companies with business purposes) business (tax) registration, bearing of value-added tax, and/or issuance of tax invoices may be required in the future.
˖Income tax and corporate tax

If an individual who is a resident and a business operator engages in the purchase and sales of cryptocurrencies, profits associated with such purchase and
sales of cryptocurrencies may be subject to income tax. However, if an individual
who is not a business operator enjoys profit from any purchase and sales of
$PQZSJHIU.FUBQT1MVT*OD

6. Legal notifications

cryptocurrencies, it is unclear whether such profit is subject to capital gains tax.
For profits earned by Korean companies for any purchase and sales of cryptocurrencies on the exchange market, corporate tax will be imposed. Although it is unclear whether or not Korean tax will be imposed on profits generated by non-residents and foreign companies without an office in Korea for any purchase and
sales of cryptocurrencies on the exchange market, such profits may be deemed
as profits associated with assets within Korea, and thus be taxed.

6.5. Controlling Language
In case of any difference, discrepancy or conflict between the Korean version of
this White Paper and its English, Chinese or any other language version, the
Korean version shall at any time prevail and control in all aspects.

Last update : 09/06/2017

plus-coin@metaps-plus.com

