VOCO +
PROVOCO

THE 1ST SOCIAL CHALLENGE NETWORK
EMPOWERED BY BLOCKCHAIN

White

Paper

1

ABSTRACT
In this document, the social challenge and media network PROVOCO is presented, along with an integrated
blockchain technology and reward-based token economy (tokenomy). This will be fueled by the visual
content and unique social profile monetization system, which is motivating and transparent. For this
purpose, the VOCO token1 will be used, and released exclusively to PROVOCO by VOCO Fund.
VOCO token supply will be limited and governed by the VOCO Fund, which will release them in an official
Initial Coin Offering (ICO) event in form of Ethereum ERC-20 token. It will be distributed exclusively through
PROVOCO platform, which also be the first commercial product for the token use. VOCO Fund will be
responsible for the management and administration of collected fund distribution to the PROVOCO project
and searching for and granting future projects who will wish to join the VOCO ecosystem. Tasks will also
include blockchain research and development, charity partnerships, continuous charity relief support, smart
contracts development, usability, and ecosystem sustainability maintenance tasks.
PROVOCO will follow an economy-driven action plan, pursuing PROVOCO application feature development
and promoting and incentivizing content creators and socially active users to join the PROVOCO ecosystem
to achieve a user-engaging environment.
Our optimized Smart Contract Deployment module for VOCO tokens will create and write all in-App user
contracts onto the blockchain network in tandem with involved lot of VOCO tokens, in form of ERC-223
Smart Contract, which will be executed within the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) environment according
to predefined rules of logic.
The App is designed to inspirit its members in numerous engaging daily activities and generation of viral
content for everybody to enjoy; while swiftly rewarding valuable user input and created content,
nevertheless a user just started or have established a solid social profile already. PROVOCO will reward
everyone from the start - no matter one came for noble, game, or both reasons. Our App will connect digital
user content and activity with tokenized gameplay and aligned economic incentives for all its participants.

“VOCO Token” is a virtual asset designed to be used and provided to users in exchange for other virtual assets for participating in project crowdfunding event (ICO), for
future use in software applications and supporting VOCO Token for unlocking functionality within that software.

1

1

INDEX
ABSTRACT
INDEX
INTRODUCION
- THE DISCOVERY
- PROBLEMS
- SOLUTION
- USE CASES
MARKET
- OVERVIEW
- COMPETITION
- CHALLENGE MARKET
THE APP
- MULTI - TOKEN WALLET
- FUNCTIONALITY
- LOGIC VARIATIONS
BLOCKCHAIN ADOPTION
- BENEFITS
- VOCO TOKEN
- SMART CONTRACTS
TOKENOMY MODEL
- TOKEN OVERVIEW
- VOCO ECOSYSTEM
- GRANT MANAGEMENT
- DAICO SECURITY
SOCIAL ARCHITECTURE
- PROFILE
- USER MODES
- SELF GOVERNANCE
- CONSENSUS
- VOTING
- AFTERMATH
TECHNICAL OVERVIEW
- BACK-END
- BLOCKCHAIN
- DAPP AGGREGATOR
- TOKEN SPECS
- ERC-223 INTERFACE
- SMART CONTRACT SAMPLES
- API
LEGAL

2

INTRODUCTION
The value and power of social networks has become globally important, and it is growing every year. Social
networking sites dominate not just the Internet, but the economy as a whole. Almost every person all around
the world interacts with social networks directly or indirectly every day2.
Video and social content industry now holds numerous amount of platforms, but only several can be marked
as leaders, successfully creating content and indulging users daily.
According to estimates, about 2.77 billion3 people will be using one form of social network or the other by
2019. Social networks have become a part of our daily lives for activities, such as personal relationships, work,
entertainment, and studies. With the growth of the social media, almost all the aspects of how a society
functions - governance, healthcare, education is being increasingly impacted by it and taken into its purview.
By participating in all these activities, users generate immense amount of content, either through written or
multimedia content.

Almost 5 billion videos are watched on Youtube every single day. In an average month, 8 out of 10 18-49
year-olds watch YouTube. It is the second-most visited website on the Internet today. Social network leader
Facebook holds 1 billion users that login at least once a day whereas high quality video network Vimeo
welcomes over a 200 million users daily. These networks hold promiscuous content which almost never gets
rewarded fairly and from the start.
“We’ve

centralized

Zuckerberg,
world

as

he

who’s

wasn’t

all

of

our

basically
elected

by

Peter

data

the

to

a

biggest

guy

anyone.”

-

called

dictator
Pirate

Mark

Bay

in

the

Founder

Sunde

4

Although we should be aware that the current effects of centralization, we shouldn’t overlook that it’s only
going to get worse. In fact, a select few entities have such tremendous troves of data on each of us, means
that they have powerful means of control — both subtle and not — that we can’t take back5. Every major
tech company of the past decade has been gobbled up by one of just five major corporations: Amazon,
Apple, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft.

http://www.thedrum.com/news/2015/04/24/facebook-influences-over-half-shoppers-says-digitaslbi-s-connected-commerce-report
https://www.statista.com/statistics/278414/number-of-worldwide-social-network-users/
4
https://thenextweb.com/eu/2017/06/0 ernet-its-all-about-damage-control-now/#.tnw_nAo82bCV
5
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/17/us/politics/cambridge-analytica-trump-campaign.html
2
3

3

THE

DISCOVERY

However, in this market our team made an interesting discovery: there is no usable platform that unites
people striving for challenges only. Moreover, the global trends statistics6 for challenge keyword, indicate a
stable growth of people, looking for challenges:

On Youtube, a total of 143 million videos with presumably recorded challenges7 can be found, where 26
million new challenges8 captured on video are in January 14th to February 14 , 2018 (1 month) alone. That is
enormous growth trend indication for challenge popularity!

CHALLENGE

CONTENT

Content gets created by various reasons. It can be spontaneous, where you hit that record button almost on
time. It can be planned, prepared. It could be called by emotions, reflecting to something you experienced.
The reasons are endless. One of them is also the challenge.
Nowadays the term challenge has quite a few definitions and different fields to be used in. On PROVOCO we
see a challenge as a healthy contest, which usually creates an exciting and fun content. The challenge
content is special. It’s where people are at their most organic behaviour. That’s why it gets viral attention and
appreciation by the community, just not the financial reward it deserves. We take that as an opportunity.

https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all_2008&gprop=youtube&q=challenge
Number of videos resulting to a keyword “challenge”. https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=challenge
8
https://www.youtube.com/results?sp=CAISAggE&search_query=challenge
6
7

4

PROBLEM

WITH

REWARD

SYSTEM

The appreciation a user can get for being active and successful in currently most popular social networks
mainly is just the social status, which is determined by the number of followers he / she has, the likes of
his/herposts or the view counts of their video. All this activity has financial value, which most of the users do
not even know that exists9.
“All
data
and

this

in

fantastic

social

benefited

media
by

the

user

content10,

platforms

are

corporations

interaction,

being
that

stored,

own

these

profile

monitored,
platforms”

All the monetary benefits, that are generated by user content and interaction data, go to corporations which
control social network ecosystem and do not easily (or fairly) share the income with original authors for their
input in to the ecosystem.
Challenge is an interaction between people, it also can carry value, it can help to raise funds for a good cause,
challenges are fun. Most importantly, they generate viral content. That is why for it has direct parallel with
major social networks, which feel comfortably with current setup with their users and do not indicate to
introduce any major changes in their reward systems. Moreover, it looks like that these corporations cannot
really do that, because their shareholders are profit-oriented and also they are too big to introduce any
drastic changes in their systems.
An active user on all the social multimedia networks today is left with a decades-old agreements of value
sharing and it’s getting harder and harder to earn any money from content creation. There is no easy way to
pay someone for their content even if you like it and would happily do that. You can use third party
subscription services like Patreon, but that is not convenient or manageable, nor it allows to be spontaneous.
> If you want to create a social challenge with for fun, reward or charity fundraising funds attached, there are
convenient platforms for that.
> To get paid, social media stars have to allow banner, pop-ups or similar distracting adverts to be mixed with their
content.
> Most reward programs pay only in fiat, which requires you to have a bank account, which limits a great amount
of users to get involved
> You have to pass high barriers to be accepted to the partner programs (reward system), where you get paid a tiny
share of the advertising revenue for the view count of your content.
> Your content, likes, shares, comments, followers and any other social activity portfolio provide direct financial
benefit to the platform you are using, but not you.
> Finding sponsors and endorsing their brand is unpleasant task, especially when you don't really use or like their
products.

9

http://www.businessinsider.com/twitter-monthly-active-users-2015-7
http://tubularinsights.com/top-facebook-video-creators/

10

5

PROBLEM

WITH

YOUR

DATA

As of today, social networks have about 3 billion users. This means that almost 50% of the world’s population
is on social media. It has been observed that in between Q2 and Q3 of 2017, around 120 million people joined
social networks for the very first time.
“All

of

volved
able

it
in

to

is

happening

these

while

commercial

control,

access,

the

consumer

transactions
or

monetize

is

on

and,
his

not

even

hence,
own

is

innot

personal

data”

The growing market for detailed personal data, which are used by marketing companies, analytics,
credit-rating companies, publishers, and government bodies has become a very profitable corporate
business in advertisement exchanges, profile “vendors”, audience segmentation, and data management
platforms.
Collection of personal profile data and the unmonitored and uncontrolled usage of available personal data
has become an immensely lucrative business.
The current situation has worsened to such an extent that in European Union (EU) regulators have taken
action to control big social networks and prevent them from abusing personal profiles and personal data for
unwanted uses. In order to promote this, they have introduced EU General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)11 on April 14, 2016.

PROBLEM

WITH

BLOCKCHAIN

ADOPTION

The public’s understanding of blockchain technology today is limited, and the interest is typically linked to
the daily breaking news about the rise in value of a cryptocurrency or a crash of another. The lack of practical
use cases for blockchain technology are spreading mistrust in the technology, which is yet to show its
strength and value.
“The

general

for

the
to

concept

mass

of

blockchain

consumer,

becoming

remains

understandable

technology,
stubbornly
and

easy

especially

resistant

to

use”

Distributed ledger technology has the potential to become biggest revolution since the Internet was
created. Its potential applications are varied, and its implications cover numerous use cases and industries.
Our team sees, that blockchain technology has a viral interest around the world, but very little practical
adoption within the industry12 and user-friendly applications on the market.

11
12

https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
http://deloitte.wsj.com/cio/2017/01/30/blockchain-adoption-varies-by-industry/

6

SOLUTION
This overview indicates that there is an untapped potential for getting people to join new types and
generation of social networks, with more fair, transparent business model. Today, our team sees major
interest in blockchain - empowered13 projects, that are much more fair to the consumer and more
technologically innovative.
PROVOCO is a new, challenge - oriented multimedia social network project, with cryptocurrency - based
financial rewards ecosystem, instant P2P value transfer option, Smart Contract features. It is not just one
more place to interact or communicate. It is an organic viral content generator, where people can create and
take the challenges, with an actual value attached to the content. Driven by an ecosystem, with fair reward
mechanism. A portal where new, inspiring videos created every day.
Creating challenges with PROVOCO, will let a user to incentivize and reward people who actually do
something that he/she initially intended to achieve; assign the reward pool to multiple beneficiaries of their
choice, including charities.
“For

most,

it

will

be

their

first

cryptocurrency

experi-

ence”

We believe that the untapped resource to inspire participation in any community or market economy is an
ability to create, participate and forward the challenges with actual value attached to it; as well as reputable
and transparent accounting system that fairly reflects the contribution of every player in the ecosystem, with
the gamification and automatic reward system:
- User friendly challenge & multimedia application for mobile and web
- Reward - driven tokenomy to benefit from your content
- Wisdom of crowd public voting system
- Person - to - Person (P2P) instant token transfer
- Transparent and immutable escrow service for all the challenge contracts between users, powered by
Ethereum network
- Smart Contract aggregator to interact with the Blockchain
- In-App Ethereum wallet for multiple token management
- Future - proof platform development and improvement roadmap
- Customer support and identification services
- Use of Ethereum Blockchain will help to manage legal risks associated with potential improper token
payments and operating costs

13

https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=today%205-y&q=blockchain%20technology

7

MULTIPLE

USE

CASES

A user can choose to go solo, invite his/her friends, or join a group of challengers. With PROVOCO, anyone
has plenty of options to get involved and have fun, while calmly knowing that because it’s part of the VOCO
ecosystem and its tokenomy mechanism logic behind it, one passively does something good for the society
automatically.
“PROVOCO

ecosystem
of

lets

serious

you

world

have

fun

problems

while

it’s

taking

care

automatically”

With PROVOCO, a user will be able to create an infinite types of challenges. Just a few of them:
- Brand awareness campaigns funded by businesses
- Sports competitions for new world records
- Progress challenges for engineering, science, street art
- Crowdfunding for natural disaster relief, charity
- Creative challenges for good emotions
- Health challenges to stop smoking or reduce some weight
- Social challenges to incentivise animal adoption, help for elders
- World singing, dancing, performance competitions
- Extreme challenges for exotic journeys
All the challenge outcomes will be verified by the public and record keeping will be kept using blockchain
technology for undaunted trust and transparency, so services like Guinness World Records might become
obsolete in the future.

USE

CASE

FOR

THE

FUN

&

REWARD

While some players are driven by their rush of adrenaline to accomplish something, others are willing to
accomplish something for fun. People having joyful experience in doing challenges on other platforms,
finally will have a place to compete and rewarded for it. They dare to take calculated risks and their videos
are thrill to watch.

USE

CASE

FOR

MONETIZING

EVERYACTIVITY

PROVOCO is a perfect “only win” solution for professional daredevils and serial challenge takers who would
not mind to compete for the financial reward or get paid for the videos, even for the ones where they failed
miserably while trying to complete the challenge14. In modern world, it is often the financial side that draws
equal attention to the action itself.
Sponsorship, advertising and complicated contracts are just as important as the action on the field. As the
stakes continue to rise, it can be difficult for young people to break through without exceptionally high levels
of financial backing.
14

http://www.wonderfullosers.com/

8

USE

CASE

FOR

THE

NOBLE

CAUSE

We all have heard of the natural disasters that occur from time to time, and there is no way to avoid them –
it is the force of nature you cannot control or choose where and when it happens. From hurricanes to
earthquakes or environmental disasters caused by the industries (oil, nuclear power, etc.), wars, hunger,
disease spikes.
All these events have ONE THING in common: TIME MATTERS. Normally, it is not the lack of the world
attention to the disaster or lack of empathy or even a funding problem. We, as humans, are willing to help
each other by default. No matter the nationality or the color of the skin, people do care about other people.
It is only that people expect, that the organizational task for crowdfunding has to be carried out by our local
government or international charity organizations. It does work, but we can all agree that it could be more
efficient, more rapid, more transparent and easier to participate.
Let us take an example. We all have heard of the challenge to restore electricity15 in Puerto Rico after the
hurricane, Harvey, struck the island. Every media channel in the world was talking and writing about it.
Volunteers rushed to the scene, and many other people around the world were asking – how can we help?
With such global attention, the problem was surely supposed to be solved quickly and even improved to
become more resistant to such natural disasters. Puerto Rico is part of the United States16 after all. But what
we saw in reality was a bit different. It took so long for the government and organizations to make the
executive decisions that the volunteers and private companies17 took the initiative and rushed to the scene
using their own or privately collected funds, without waiting for the bureaucratic process to complete.
“WHAT

A

GREAT

RESULT

THIS

COULD

BE

FOR

HUMANITY

TO

SEE!”

Here is where PROVOCO firmly could have helped: when the disasters strikes, anyone can create a challenge
to address the specific need of the affected area, for example, restoring the electrical power in Puerto Rico
and start raising the funds via taking and forwarding the challenge immediately. Anyone from all around the
world would’ve be able to chip-in even without a credit card or bank account on hand. The funds and project
milestones would be locked in the Smart Contract, and passed for safety of the blockchain. Due to the native
blockchain transparency, anybody in the world would’ve be able to check the amount of funds raised and
the conditions for the Smart Contract to release them.
Elon Musk from Tesla would most likely have been the participant in this type of scenario. He loves
challenges18. The problem would have been solved effectively, with all the benefits of modern technology.
All the process would’ve been executed in a modern, trustable and clear manner, where each milestone of
the project is escrowed by the Smart Contract and the progress could be monitored and controlled by any of
the participants.
Haiti children need clean water19? Let’s create another challenge and make it happen! Fast!
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/enterprise-networks/rebuild-puerto-rico.html
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2017/09/26/yes-puerto-rico-part-united-states/703273001
17
https://teamster.org/news/2017/10/teamster-disaster-relief-volunteers-come-home-puerto-rico
18
https://mashable.com/2017/09/29/elon-musk-tesla-powerpack-launch
19
https://reliefweb.int/report/haiti/humanitarian-action-children-2017-haiti
15
16

9

PROVISIONAL

USE

CASES

FOR

INDIVIDUAL

Create the challenge and enjoy the results after it’s accomplished by that crazy daredevil: the
content you paid for will earn you VOCO tokens from PROVOCO daily rewards pool
Take the challenge you like the most, get rewarded instantly for completing the challenge or if
you failed miserably - enjoy earnings from daily rewards pool for Likes, Shares and Views of
your attempt video
Global cause? Create a charity fundraiser event and kick it off by doing it yourself first! Pass to
a friend or challenge the public!
Friend needs VOCO tokens to participate? Send them instantly and free of charge to anybody
anywhere on this planet (multi-planetary instant transfers technically possible too).
Not a challenge taker? Earn VOCO tokens via community voting requests for challenge
judgement and content filtering. Participate and create challenges to earn even more!
Science project to save humanity? Natural disaster relief initiative? Fantastic! Public
crowdfunding is definitely where PROVOCO can help. Smart Contracts and public voting will
provide transparent money distribution to fund the projects road map. Public vote mechanism
can be involved in approving the finance of every milestone to the final goal.

PROVISIONAL

USE

CASES

FOR

BUSINESS

Quality brand awareness now will be easy to achieve. Create a challenge with your name on it.
Select the most appropriate format for your challenge: winner takes it all, multiple winners,
every one’s a winner, charity fundraising. Start your viral campaign instantly!
You need exciting video content? Create new challenge, script it to your requirements and
watch how it’s being done around the world! You select the best or let the public to do it for
you. All video content you paid for is legally yours to use.
AI Agents will be able to easily join with full user rights on the system via API gateway and
create various challenges to humans for AI knowledge collection purposes20 and pay the
rewards to participants in tokens with VOCO tokens.
Need to hire an Influencer? Famous daredevil? A global superstar? PROVOCO is the right place
for that - all social profiles ratings will be verifiable via Ethereum open ledger blockchain
signature, so you can be confident you deal with organic influencer who has real followers.
You need a trusted public vote record on some topic to use for your business? Challenge that
question. Set a voting budget. Select your voting audience. You will get a verifiable, trusted
wisdom of the crowd results easily and within the budget.
20

http://mattmahoney.net/costofai.pdf

10

MARKET

OVERVIEW

YouTube has over a billion users — almost one-third of all people on the Internet — and each day those users
watch a billion hours of video, generating billions of views.
- Youtube21
By 2017, Instagram’s global mobile ad revenues will reach $2.81 billion, accounting for over 10% of parent
company Facebook’s global ad revenues.
– eMarketer
Estimated 2018 Youtube revenue example for content creators: $0.03 to $0.40 daily earnings if your video
has 100 views per day (at $0.25 - $4.00 CPM). Currently, to join Youtube Partner Programme (YPP) and run ads
on your videos, you need 10,000 lifetime views. Starting February 20th, the YPP will also require 4,000 watch
hours in the last 12 months and 1,000 subscribers.
- The Verge
The social media advertising revenue per internet user in the U.S. is expected to grow from 43.23 U.S. dollars
in 2015 to 86.22 dollars in 2021
- Statistica
In 2016, Facebook made $26.2 billion dollars in revenue from their ads system, 95% of their total revenue. It
also boasts a massive $19.81 average revenue per user in the U.S. and Canada.
– Techcrunch

21

https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/press/

11

COMPETITION
To this day, in year 2018, we still do not have a dedicated multimedia platform for social challenges22, not to
talk about modern monetization solution for rising and distributing the funds.
In our initial stages, we started to scout out for any direct competition for us to challenge, but the ones we
found, we can not even take as a competition, although some of them already have some traction and
semi-working products deployed, some are working with charities, which is good news and it’s the focus of
our initiative - to furnish the happiness in the world through the challenge game model.
We did some analysis on current solutions, so it would be easier to compare ourselves to what’s up there at
the moment23

After conducting this research, we became even more determined to go ahead with our project of
developing a truly attractive, transparent, and engaging challenge management application, as a social
network, while implementing all the benefits of the latest blockchain, AI deep learning and other exciting
technologies.

22
23

https://www.google.lt/search?q=social+challenges
Analytical charts coming up soon

12

CHALLENGE

MARKET

In order to boost brand awareness or announce new products and services, different companies choose
different approach. Global players, such as Red Bull or SpaceX tend to create challenges that can be solved
through sports or science, which produces loads of inspiring and highly shareable videos, which eventually
create brand awareness effect.
For others, challenges are used to bring more direct benefits: for coffee shops, it is more customers in the
queue, for clothing brand, it is the fashion trend users create while having fun. There are people who do not
dare to act themselves (for example, climb to a tower without safety measures), but really want to see how
someone else accomplishes it—Just something to awaken their instincts. SpaceX has also been undertaking
a lot of challenges in order to encourage young innovators to showcase their innovations, as the company
seeks to build the underground Hyperloop.
Another company, CanCun, was recruiting a Chief Experience Officer to market CanCun as a tourist
destination. They asked applicants to post videos of themselves doing creative exploratory activities which
showed that they are fun to be with and outgoing.
There are many use cases that show a high uptake for challenges. Corporations, individuals, and other
entities undertake challenges that offer cash prizes. For example, Red Bull created the “Gravity Challenge’ for
people to create performances of acting against gravity in a challenge that was promoted as #SaveTheEgg24
Most of the online challenges are in the form of video content, and video content constitutes the fastest
growing aspect of social networks. 75% of adults watch online videos every week25. Video content
constituted 74% of all online content in 2017.

24
25

https://twitter.com/hashtag/savetheegg
https://www.ofcom.org.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0020/102755/adults-media-use-attitudes-2017.pdf

13

THE

APP

This is an excellent opportunity for us to introduce millions of new users to the blockchain technology and
take on an important responsibility for designing a simple and secure experience. Users won’t need to know
or understand cryptocurrency to enter and use the application.

MULTI-TOKEN

WALLET

The ability to easily integrate users who have no knowledge or experience with cryptocurrency is essential.
Rather than requiring a complicated wallet configuration when users install the App, the newcomers will be
gradually introduced to the concept by earning VOCO tokens. User’s token portfolios will be automatically
created and synchronized between encrypted backup devices in the cloud. This is the perfect experience
that mobile app users expect. As users earn more and become more familiar with security aspects of
managing the cryptocurrency, they also have the ability to take control of their wallet to take advantage of
the increased mobility of the token.

APP

FUNCTIONALITY

When we can see plenty of people wearing, doing or eating something,
we badly want to try it too. Even when it happens for the first time, when
we are not able to predict the results or when we are slightly scared, we
are already a little bit bored. People need action and attention; they not
only want to be approved but also have less first-time experiences in
their lives. They simply strive to be challenged. On this platform, users
can propose and accept challenges. Those who propose a challenge also
set the amount of coins that they get after completing the action. They
also set the deadline of the challenges.
While creating unique content participants not only will have fun and a
float of adrenaline but also benefit financially. On this platform, the
participants have to complete 4 steps: accept the challenge, take and
upload a video on time, wait for approval and receive their tokens.
Participants can propose not only a challenge but also a price to the
community. Challenge can be created from any criteria. Anyone can
create a challenge. Anyone can accept a challenge.

14

THE

APP

Our plan for attracting new users to our ecosystem is via fun, philanthropic and economic initiatives that will
also demonstrate the opportunity for future VOCO ecosystem participants. The PROVOCO platform will
furnish the initial user network, demonstrate the value of a contributor-driven crypto-economic business
model and act as a cornerstone for adoption to the future VOCO ecosystem partners.
All the content that you create has the potential to get rewarded, no matter what your social profile status
score or experience is. If you create the content which is loved by the community, the platform will share its
revenue with you automatically. Everything within the domain of the platform will have value. Any dispute
that may arise will be resolved by a consensus that is reached by voting and will be verified by the
community members.
PROVOCO gives the power back to you, the real owner, who will be able to completely manage the rights of
the data and content that is created.
We are developing a platform where people having two different objectives can be combined - those who
join PROVOCO to earn money and those who come here for the entertainment. We classify them as players
and watchers. Watchers, as those, who go to Vimeo, YouTube, or Facebook, now will be able to easily shift to
the PROVOCO App on their mobile, as the mobile version will be firstly produced by our developers.

IN-APP

LOGIC

VARIATIONS

General options:
- Create Challenge
- Co-Support Challenge (“Great challenge, i’ll drop a few VOCO’s on that”)
- Take Challenge (“Do and stop”)
- Take & Forward (“Ice bucket”)
- Counter-Offer (“I will do this challenge, but for higher price or different terms & conditions”)
- Offer to do Challenge (“I will stand in line for you at Apple Store for 100 VOCO”)
- Bet on active Challenges (“I bet 1 VOCO this will not happen”)
Create Challenge options:
- 1 to 1 (“I challenge anyone to say these words backwards in 3 seconds”)
- 1 to Group (“I need stunt videos people riding bicycle backwards. Will pay 50 VOCO each”)
- Group to Group (“Counter Strike G2 Esports team challenges FaZe Clan for 24h battle”)
- Group to 1 (“Our family challenges you to stop smoking”)
Challenge Types:
- One - off (“Challenge closes after one complete”)
- For multiple winners (“Everyone welcome to take challenge until it’s open”)
- Time-challenge (“Do this in 3 hours”)
- Multi-step challenge (“Plant the tree and let me see it grow for 1 year with photo/video every 1 month”)
- Live challenge (“I will pay while you live broadcast Madonna concert”)

15

BLOCKCHAIN

ADOPTION

We have chosen a practical implementation path of decentralization: we are building a hybrid platform to
start with, combining blockchain permissionless open ledger security and transparency benefits together
with efficiency of cloud based front and back-end systems. Hybrid platform ensures, that users can actually
use the service easily and right away.
We will use the blockchain as a security protocol and value carrier. For that purpose, we have chosen to
create VOCO token, which is built on Ethereum blockchain. It's key function is to interact with smart contracts
with individually attached token value; the pre-programmed escrow and other functions will be transparent,
and the outcomes will be clear.
This network has known historical cost structure for each kind of transaction:

That, in tune with our own Ethereum side chain and optimised ERC-223 Smart Contract Deployment
Architecture, will ensure that network transaction costs are minimal and the speed of code execution is
optimal. Mainstream adoption of Ethereum blockchain means that VOCO token is technically enabled to be
transferable between most popular and user-friendly Ethereum wallets.
Currently in centralized ecosystems, any online profile is at risk in case the existing platform, with its online
database ceases to exist. So, your digital profile will also cease to exist. In today's technological environment,
only the blockchain can provide the desired unbreakable security, distribute open ledger properties, and act
as an indisputable source of truth.

16

BLOCKCHAIN

BENEFITS

1. Immutable social profile history, written on the blockchain. As long as you are able to associate yourself
with this profile, it’s history is yours. Any ownership changes will be traceable too.
2. We will use the blockchain as a security protocol. All the vital and most critical moments, happening on the
app will be written to the blockchain to register data or execute the code (smart contracts), and its state will
be visible to anybody since the Ethereum is public and permission-less.
3. Human-less escrow service via Smart Contracts for funds to move on pre-agreed conditions - it’s executed
by blockchain
4. Blockchain will be used for value transfer for in-App activity, which you can cash-out
Any participant will be rewarded for great content (Likes, Followers, Views, etc) via in-app Tokenomy
mechanism
5. Our VOCO tokenomy mechanism is designed to constantly take out the tokens from the circulation and
come back to the market only with new VOCO projects
6. Any member activity will be selected for screening via AI (Artificial Intelligence) mechanism and passed to
public review (via voting) if needed, therefore paying the AI for its service with the VOCO tokens.
This will allow for AI Agents to easily join via API and create various challenges for humans for AI training
purposes and pay the rewards directly to participants in tokens via Ethereum blockchain.

BLOCKCHAIN

AS

A

TRUST

CARRIER

All the critical social profile data will be logged as a hash signature on to the Ethereum blockchain using
anonymization algorithm, ensuring that all your stats and history legitimacy are private, verifiable or
destructible on demand. Any manipulative actions (buying followers etc.) will be easily traceable and virtually
impossible to hide or forge. The cryptographic strength of the data legitimacy will be equal to the strength of
the entire Ethereum network.
When user content is created and deployed on centralised online platform, the most unique and popular
content is at risk of copyright infringement. Hashgraphed content will have transferable copyright
functionality for authors to be recognised and rewarded fairly, eliminating any ownership questions.
Blockchain will solve the main challenge for advertisers (trust and transparency) by having a trustless and
transparent decentralized ledger where people can no longer buy fake data.

VOCO

TOKEN

PROVOCO for operations will use Ethereum blockchain, and its key function is to deploy Smart Contracts with
the locked value inside; so the escrow function will be transparent, and the outcomes will be clear. Also, there
will be community voting and blockchain-signed reputation systems to leverage any dispute fairness.
Cryptocurrency VOCO will be used for payments (within challenges, premium services and marketing tools).
VOCO will be mandatory for creating, accepting or judging any challenge. The better your reputation, the
more tokens you can earn. In total, only up to 300 million VOCO coins will be created, and this makes it even
more relevant to gain more tokens and engage on our social platform. Limited supply ensures liquidity and
value.

17

As new VOCO-enabled projects develop and we will have a need of cross - platform transport, a devoted
token is a much more convenient tool to make a potential migration. VOCO algorithm evidently borders the
inner economy and shields it from those with large stakes of tokens and interests that are alien to the system.
By launching a cryptocurrency called VOCO, we will achieve several objectives: contributors with VOCO
tokens will be the first to unlock functionality, value and status within the PROVOCO platform. As a
decentralized and transferable ERC-20 token, the VOCO ecosystem is set to grow in proportion to VOCO’s
utilization by users. Together with PROVOCO, future partner platforms or apps, integrated within the VOCO
ecosystem will be benefiting from the demand of the token, which will ensure that anyone who uses VOCO as
their primary decentralized cryptocurrency within their environments gets rewarded equally.

SMART

CONTRACTS

OVERVIEW

Smart Contract is a mechanism involving digital assets and two or more parties, where some or all of the
parties put assets in and assets are automatically redistributed among those parties according to a formula
based on certain data that is not known at the time the contract is initiated. We adopted the latest ERC-223
standard for programming Smart Contracts, which has significant economical savings on Ethereum network
transaction fees, provides additional security by prevention of accidentally sent tokens from being accepted
by incompatible contracts26.
All the vital and most critical moments, happening on the App will be written to the blockchain to log data
legitimacy or execute the code via Smart Contracts, where its state will be open for anybody to check.

SMART

CONTRACTS

LOGIC

“ALL YAY” - both sides: the Challenge Creator, including Co-supporters of the challenge and Challenge Taker
agree, that challenge is complete. This generates the trigger to the linked Challenge Contract to release the
funds to the Challenge Taker.
“ALL NAY” - both sides: the Challenge Creator, including Co-supporters of the challenge and Challenge Taker
agree, that challenge is not complete. This generates the trigger, to the linked Challenge Contract to refund
the funds back to the Challenge Creator and Challenge Co-supporters.
“NEEDS VOTE” - Challenge Creator, at least one Co-supporter or the Challenge Taker do not agree, that that
challenge is complete. The Challenge then goes through the voting mechanism and after in-App voting
process, system generates the commend according to vote results: YAY or NAY, which then triggers linked
Challenge Contract to refund the funds back to the Challenge Creator and Challenge Co-supporters or
release to the Challenge Taker or any beneficiaries, written in the Smart Contract (eg charity account).

26

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2721129.

18

Blockchain technology for most people means of transferring money over the internet without an
intermediary such as a bank or payment processor. It uses a distributed ledger that is updated by consensus
among the community, rather than held privately. Community voting and reputation mechanism will use this
advantage of blockchain technology to help to manage and leverage any dispute fairness. When voting is
done, and a final consensus is reached, the back-end oracle module will generate the trigger to the Smart
Contract on the blockchain to release or refund locked funds in question.
Smart Contracts are self-executing pieces of logic that run on the blockchain. The Smart Contract contains
some if - then logic that two parties initially agree upon, and the contract automatically executes payment
when the conditions stipulated in the contract are fulfilled.

19

TOKENOMY

MODEL

PROVOCO business model will offer financial utility for all network participants and creates a strong incentive
for early adopters to participate even before a critical mass of users is garnered. This is a new, promising path
to overcome the “chicken and egg” problem, as in the old model, networks provide value only to top-level
participants and only upon reaching a critical mass of users. This is important in today’s landscape where a few
monopolistic media networks exercise powerful influence that serves as a barrier to healthy competition.
PROVOCO will achieve sustainability through a continuous revenue model, generated by the in-App activity.
Each transaction conducted on the platform will be charged a small maintenance fee, where half of it will be
used to cover routine platform support expenses and the other half will be used strictly for App new features
development.

All the PROVOCO transaction fees, in the form of VOCO tokens, will be transferred to VOCO pool for
accumulated splitting purposes, where PROVOCO Reward Pool gets 90% of the total circulation and performs
token re-distribution action, to return tokens back to the community members of PROVOCO platform as a
reward for their social activity and participation via dynamic profile measurement algorithm based
distribution mechanism, which will fuel the good social activity within the platform. For their efforts,
contributors will receive a proportional share in the network value and impact the governance of the
ecosystem. A diversified network of economic actors will naturally contribute to the prosperity of VOCO
tokenomy while continuing to enjoy the advantages of blockchain technology.

20

Mainstream users will help to fund the platform, which, in turn, will drive the demand and circulation of the
token. To create an evergreen tokenomy, PROVOCO will direct all the platform activity revenue to the
PROVOCO Reward Pool, which will be used to reward users for their social profile karma points, activity,
content view count, among others. Revenue will come from within the app transactions, which will be
charged 2-12 % (depending on the type of the activity), also any gains from purchases to buy VOCO from the
in-app market.
With API service and blockchain smart-contract functionality, PROVOCO will connect the business world to its
platform to participate in the ecosystem with the efficiency current technologies provide.
Transactions that are executed, recorded and stored on the Ethereum blockchain by the Smart Contracts
need “gas” in order to be processed and data be recorded into the blockchain. The service providers (called
“miners”), who confirm transactions ordered by Smart Contracts transactions and update the blockchain,
charge for performing that service, and they are paid with “gas”. Gas price will be compensated by the
contract creator and beneficiary, depending on the specific scenario.

TOKEN

OVERVIEW

VOCO tokens will be mandatory to buy any premium marketing services for commercial players (such as Coca
Cola, Red Bull, Uber). They also will be used to participate and create reward-based and charity donation
challenges for the community to engage voluntarily via game interest.

Why we need the token
1. VOCO tokens can undergo various interactions with smart contracts on Ethereum network and migrate
between most popular wallets without any issues
2. Token is cut-off from Ether value, so it has own market pattern comparing to Ether (ETH), which allows it to
have it’s own sucesss story
3. Easy to participate for anyone from crypto community. Undistributed tokens itself have a value and the
project has a goal to aim for
4. The Smart Contract Architecture, operating on top of the Ethereum Blockchain, achieve several objectives:
it gives economic incentives for people to participate, increases security in the ownership records and
executes the contract without passing through any intermediary or central server
5. Token is easily transferable between accounts (wallets), so users are able to participate in VOCO ecosystem
easily and with trust
6. Dapps use their own token for interactions between users. This can increase efficiency and give users an
increased sense of loyalty to the platform

21

VOCO

ECOSYSTEM

To support the development of new projects, the VOCO Fund will manage VOCO ecosystem new partner
search tasks and promotion of its VOCO Grant Program. To get VOCO grant, each partner will need to develop
sustainable user ecosystem and add rewards to the participants in their own application or platform, while
adopting same VOCO token re-circulation model as PROVOCO project.

This will support the growth of the VOCO network and also encourage users to buy, use and value VOCO
tokens. In addition, VOCO Fund will continuously create a grant pools to help new startups to join VOCO
ecosystem and contribute back the fund for the next project to get grant funds.
Newborn platforms and applications, which enter the VOCO ecosystem shall be able to quickly integrate with
already established user base, which will accelerate new project user growth drastically. Over time, in
conjunction with the API service and smart contract functionality, the KYC identity level could become cross platform transitionable, that would culminate a huge savings on customer acquisition costs for participating
parties in the VOCO ecosystem.

22

“Internal
volatility

tokenomy
by

will

naturally

constantly

specifically

producing

designed

protect
new

for

token

value

functionality

use

with

VOCO

from

and

market

projects,

token”

VOCO Fund tokenomy mechanism is designed to and will constantly take out the VOCO tokens from the
circulation of every participating platform, which will be able to return to the market only via VOCO Grant
Program, which essentially means inevitable birth of new compatible platforms. Internal tokenomy will
naturally protect token value from negative market volatility effects with circulation - driven new functionality
and project development, specifically designed to enrich the use case scenarios of blockchain - based VOCO
token.
Ethereum network transaction costs will be optimised and the speed of code execution will be optimal, while
data being recorded in the Ethereum blockchain with full traceability. Sustainable token functionality
development will assure infinite token counter - inflation effect within and outside the VOCO ecosystem.

This is how it will work for VOCO Fund: a DAICO contract is published by a single development team that was
selected & awarded by VOCO Reward Grant, wishes to use granted funds for a new VOCO project.

23

“VOCO
DAICO

is
for

set

to

become

internal

the

modules

first
of

to

token

implement
ecosystem”

The DAICO contract starts off in “contribution mode”, specifying a mechanism by which anyone can
contribute to the contract, and get tokens in exchange. Once the contribution period ends, the ability to
contribute stops, and the initial token balances are set. This way anyone within VOCO community will be able
to contribute to new VOCO project independently and stay within the full control of the development
funding.

GAME-THEORETIC

27
SECURITY

Any vote is subject to 51% attacks, bribe attacks and other game-theoretic vulnerabilities, and any ICO is
subject to the risk that a team will be irresponsible or simply a plain fraud.
However, in a DAICO these risks are minimized, requiring both the developer and the vote to be compromised
to cause any real damage:
51% attack maliciously raises tap - honest developer can just lower the tap again, or not claim excess funds
Developer starts spending funds on lambos instead of real work - voters can prevent much of this by not
raising the tap too much too quickly, but if it happens anyway they can vote to self-destruct
51% attack maliciously self-destructs - honest developer can just make another DAICO
Notice how two of the potentially most harmful kind of 51% attack: (i) sending funds to some other third party
chosen by the attacker, and (ii) lowering the tap to keep funds stuck in the contract forever are both simply
disallowed by the mechanism.

27

http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7159364/

24

TOKENOMY
SOCIAL

MODEL

PROFILE

Activity, good content and fair voting – these are the fundamental attributes of a good social profile score on
PROVOCO platform. The system will be designed such that these three things are emphasized all the time for
every user.
Social profile karma points will be the most valuable passive asset on our platform, meaning that it will directly
affect a users’ daily reward rate from PROVOCO Reward Pool as well as their vote weight in the network
governance mechanism.

USER
CHALLENGE

MODES

CREATOR

Challenge can be created from any criteria. Anyone with VOCO token balance can create the challenge and
submit it to the system. Set the value to your challenge and publish it. Blockchain network will take care of the
security and transparency of your creation.
Anyone from the community will be able to propose a counter-offer of challenge conditions and a price to
participant. Challenge can be created with any criteria. Anyone can accept a challenge.

CHALLENGE

TAKER

When a participant decides to accept the challenge, the proof of him completing will be live video, recorded
video or photos, depending on the terms of the challenge contract. The participant will have to provide
evidence of himself completing the challenge from the very start till the end and document the evidence.
In some cases (“1-to-group - wins the best” challenge), where the winner will be selected by the public vote
and content aesthetics will be desired by the Challenge Creator, additional video editing will be required to
make video or pictures more impressive and ready to share for commercial purposes.

PUBLIC

VIEWER

Here community or first-time viewers has a chance to see other challenges videos, inspiring the users and
making them want to experience challenges seen in the videos. They wonder whether they are capable of
completing the challenge or not. This is a place to make a decision if participant dares to accept the challenge.
Although some users can never dare to accept the challenge, they always find it pleasant to watch other
people successfully completing the challenges.

25

SELF

GOVERNANCE

COMMUNITY

POLICE

Community police can be any of the participating users. If anybody notices an inappropriate content, like
graphic video or dangerous challenge,, they can report to the system, which will put it to through the
screening process, where via voting mechanism, it will be removed from the system or
marked as a verified and fit for public content. Any anti-social behaviour will be tracked and taken into
account within the voting process.
In case it was a legitimate alert and content was removed, the alerter is rewarded with profile karma points for
being socially responsible and active.

DELEGATED

AI

AGENT

PROVOCO also believes, that its machine learning and artificial intelligence agent vote delegating feature will
have a big impact on user experience, making it more easy to manage the content screening process and
make it safe for people to use the platform and be active within the community.
Machine learning will add new features, for example, will enable real-time detection (RTD) to recognize fraud
and other events before they happen automatically. Similarly, AI is to be used for real-time event processing
(RTEP), which will prioritize fundraising campaigns. For example, natural disasters will automatically get more
attention than some other campaigns in times of need.

26

CONSENSUS
APPROVAL

SYSTEM

PROCESS

Once the challenge is complete and the Challenge Taker has uploaded all the evidence, they then have to
submit the application for approval. Challenge Creator then will have to approve or reject the result. In case
two sides disagree about the outcome of the challenge, the dispute gets exposed to the community for public
voting if the challenge is completely fair and square, or there have been any misunderstandings

VOTING

PROCESS

Voting is an important right in our society. By voting, we are making our voice heard and registering our
opinion on what is fair and how the network should operate. The concept of “wisdom of the crowd” will help
to keep the whole system honest.
The users will be able to vote in cases like the following:
- Challenge is completed or not in case of dispute (by any side);
- Flagged to remove inappropriate content, reported by the community;
- Major changes in PROVOCO platform;
- In VOCO Fund grant allocation events;
- Public voting mechanism will reward you with VOCO tokens and directly affect your profile history and voting
profits;
- Other important topics, generated by liberal events within the community;
All the disputed challenges will have to be screened (voted by the crowd) to gain access to get challenge
funds and get their tokens. In order to be published and attract the voters, a Challenge Creator or Taker
creates a Challenge Dispute Pool and provides it with some amount of VOCO tokens as an economic incentive
to the voters. This amount of VOCO tokens will be available to the winning voters (YAY or NAY) as a reward
after the voting period ends, whatever the result is.
The disputed challenge voting procedure is that a participant must be a VOCO token holder. He then studies
the case posted by the Challenge Dispute Pool creator and votes according to his personal evaluation of the
situation. VOCO token holders can vote in favor of challenge, either allowing it to be accepted as “complete”
(a YAY vote) or rejecting it (a NAY vote). Majority votes wins.

27

AFTERMATH

OF

THE

CONSENSUS

When the voting process has ended, the Challenge Dispute Pool will be distributed back to the participants
(voters). The ones who voted for the winning side get the 95% of the VOCO that the Challenger or Challenge
Taker put into the Challenge Dispute Pool, as an upfront fee for being screened. The voters who voted for the
losing side also get the 5% of the reward.

LOGIC

TO

BE

FAIR

The voters get their appropriate reward for putting their votes. The voters who had voted fairly get rewarded
by the Challenge Dispute Pool. Based on the human nature, the voters will have financial drive to vote
honestly at the risk of losing out on earning tokens. Another drive to be honest is to gain positive profile
voting stats, which will directly influence the number of tokens gained from PROVOCO Reward Pool.

VALUE

DISTRIBUTION

When the challenge is approved, the participant gets tokens right away. If it was rejected, even after the
community voting process, Challenge Taker has to try again or jump to the next interesting challenge.

28

TECHNICAL

OVERVIEW

Despite the hype, we are realistic about what blockchain and peer-to-peer decentralised architecture can
currently achieve and how to make the best use of it. Decentralization of the digital media ecosystem, is a
long-term effort, requiring synergy amongst decentralized networks, will not be at scale for some time. Our
product aims to not only address these broad issues, but it aims to innovate within the space by practically
exploring and integrating decentralized technologies, such as blockchain.

BACK-END
PROVOCO back-end Smart Contract Deployment module will write and read the challenge, voting oracle and
timestamp signature hash data on Ethereum blockchain network. ERC-223 standard also prescribes two
different signals that each token uses and which other tokens are attuned to, so a smart contract can fire a
signal that other smart contracts listen out for, this way we will be able to create event - triggered conditional
payouts, where additional functionality is needed.
Hashing the signatures and sending them as a lump transaction reduces transaction costs and network bloat,
comparing to sending each signature as a single transaction, which would be traffic - intensive and inefficient.
Using this approach the transaction (tx) costs will be minimised and the cost of code execution optimal.

BLOCKCHAIN

SELECTION

After extensive research, we have chosen to implement Ethereum as our back-end security protocol.
Ethereum blockchain network operates as a decentralized virtual machine, where Smart Contracts can be
deployed in order to execute predefined lines of code (DApps), that do specific tasks. These applications run
exactly as programmed without any chance of fraud, censorship or third-party interference. Ethereum
protocol has defined and known cost structure for each kind of transaction, that can be implemented using
Smart Contracts and settled on the Ethereum blockchain and is easily transferable between most popular
Ethereum wallets.

DAPP

AGGREGATOR

Once Smart Contract is generated by our back-end oracle module and sent in to the Ethereum Virtual
Machine (EVM) environment, it’s state becomes a Decentralized Application (DApp). These applications run
following all the native rules of Ethereum network and execute exactly as programmed without any chance of
fraud, censorship or third-party interference.
With our hybrid approach, we will provide both an interface to create or participate in challenges and robust
smart contracts to conduct transactions both parties initially agreed upon to.

29

TOKEN

SPECS

- Constant symbol: VOCO
- Blockchain network: Ethereum
- Interface: ERC-20
- Programmable, Smart Contract - ready
- Public constant decimals: 18
- Supply: fixed up to 300,000,000
- Compatible Wallets: MyEtherWallet, MetaMask, Mist, Parity, imToken

ERC-223

INTERFACE

The ERC223 standard defines an interface, which is the name of the functions as well as their signature.
Signature means a list of their arguments. It also defines what these functions should do. Smart Contract
operation is defined by the program code, which is stored in the blockchain and is open to everyone, making
it possible to realize complex interactions between network nodes. Smart contracts are cryptographically
secure and can verify or enforce performance of the contract performance of the contract.
ERC-223 standard will allow contracts to handle incoming token transactions and prevent accidentally sent
tokens from being accepted by incompatible contracts that no longer allow token to be transferred or
withdrawn. Before ERC-223 (when using older, ERC-20 standard), if someone send his/her token into a
contract that has not allowed anyone to use it, the token will simply be locked and can never leave that
contract. This is just one of the advantages ERC-223 provides28.

SMART

CONTRACT

FOR

DAICO

tap: num(wei / sec)
lastWithdrawn: timestamp # Make sure to initialize this to the contribution period end time
@public
def withdraw():
send(self.owner, (block.timestamp - self.lastWithdrawn) * self.tap)
self.lastWithdrawn = block.timestamp
@private
def modify_tap(new_tap: num(wei / sec)):
self.withdraw()

28

https://github.com/rukuiza/ERC223-token-standard

30

There is also a mechanism by which the token holders can vote on resolutions. There are two types of
resolutions:
- Raising the tap
- Permanently self-destructing the contract (or, more precisely, putting the contract into withdraw mode
where all remaining ETH can be proportionately withdrawn by the token holders)
Either resolution can pass by some kind of majority vote with a quorum (eg. yes - no - absent / 6 > 0). Note that
lowering the tap by vote is not possible; the owner can voluntarily lower the tap, but they cannot unilaterally
raise it.
The intention is that the voters start off by giving the development team a reasonable and not-too-high
monthly budget, and raise it over time as the team demonstrates its ability to competently execute with its
existing budget. If the voters are very unhappy with the development team’s progress, they can always vote
to shut the DAICO down entirely and get their money back.

SMART

CONTRACT

FOR

BUDGET

PAYMENT

In some cases, simple payment technique will be required for contract fulfillment, there for we will use similar,
yet effective approach to generate budget stake re-assuring payment method DApp:
function Payment(address to, uint timeout) payable {
paymentRecipient = to;
paymentSender = msg.sender;
startDate = now;
paymentTimeout = timeout;
}
function ClosePayment(bytes32 h, uint8 v, bytes32 r, bytes32 s, uint value){
address signer;
bytes32 proof;
signer = ecrecover(h, v, r, s);
if (signer != paymentSender && signer != paymentRecipient) throw;
proof = sha3(this, value);
if (proof != h) throw;
if (signatures[proof] == 0)
signatures[proof] = signer;
else if (signatures[proof] != signer){
if (!paymentRecipient.send(value)) throw;
selfdestruct(paymentSender);
}
}
function PaymentTimeout(){
if (startDate + paymentTimeout > now)
throw;
selfdestruct(paymentSender);
}
}

31

API

FOR

PARTNERS

Since our system will be highly compatible with other blockchain - based systems, running on Ethereum
network, we will issue API configuration files to specify key aspects for the partners to integrate and
communicate to the system.
- The list of services being provided, which are described as references to nodes in the shared ontology
- specifications about how the agent should fetch data and push results
- a list of services required for each service being provided, if any
RESTful API breaks down a transaction to create a series of small modules. Each module addresses a particular
underlying part of the transaction. This modularity provides developers with a lot of flexibility, but it can be
challenging for developers to design from scratch.
It's simple to read; a developer can select just the information an app needs at a given time;
it cuts down on bandwidth issues, which is important for mobile apps. The partial selection syntax can also be
used to include associated resources cutting down
on the number of requests needed to get the required information.

API

FOR

ARTIFICIAL

INTELLIGENCE

PROVOCO will be the crossing bridge between machine learning and humans. It is critical to our mission to
enable Artificial Intelligence to serve us with the most powerful content screening techniques for our
platform, and for us to give back to the AI community by enabling them to engage directly with real life
human scenarios and continue to train and test their latest machine learning technologies.
As the first step in this endeavor, we are excited to introduce our API, which will make communication with
PROVOCO platform very simple, making it easy for any, even home made Artificial Intelligence (AI) agent to
connect independently and become fully functional user, with voting rights and social status control, ability
to create new challenges, take the challenge, and even alert the community on an inappropriate content.
This is done so the AI agent can receive status updates and results via callbacks. The API also allows the AI
agent with the module to see current internal voting, rating and reward mechanism methods. An alternative
method to communicate will be a server / technology specific protocol.

32

LEGAL

NOTE

Although VOCO tokens may be tradable, they are not an investment, currency, security, commodity, a swap
on a currency, security, or commodity or any kind of financial instrument.
Parties

with

whom

we

may

share

your

information:

We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log
files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group
of companies that PROVOCO is part of, or that become part of that group. Affiliates may use this information
to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates’ own
services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will
honor the choices you make about who can see your photos.
We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device
identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you. Our
Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service
under reasonable confidentiality terms.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This
information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements
that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may
also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and
share that aggregated information.
Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content,
becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. To change your
privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile setting. Once you have shared User Content or
made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others.
f you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived
pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the PROVOCO API have copied or saved that
information.
What

happens

in

the

event

of

a

change

of

control:

If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of PROVOCO or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the
course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such
as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be
among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will
have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.

33

Responding

to

legal

requests

and

preventing

harm:

We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant,
court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include
responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the European Union where we have a good faith
belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is
consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information
when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity;
to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent
bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended
period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or
investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content,
becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. To change your
privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile setting. Once you have shared User Content or
made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others.
f you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived
pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the PROVOCO API have copied or saved that
information.
Forward

-

looking

statements

This whitepaper contains forward–looking statements. The words or phrases "would be," "will allow," "intends
to," “will,” “shall,” "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimate," "project," or
similar expressions are intended to identify "forward–looking statements." All information set forth in this
whitepaper, except historical and factual information, represents forward–looking statements.
This includes all statements about the project plans, beliefs, estimates and expectations. These statements
are based on current estimates and projections, which involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include issues related to: rapidly changing technology and evolving standards in the industries in which the
company and its subsidiaries operate; the ability to obtain sufficient funding to continue operations, maintain
adequate cash flow, profitably exploit new business, license and sign new agreements; the unpredictable
nature of consumer preferences; and other factors.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward–looking statements, which reflect
management's analysis only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise
these forward–looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof. Readers
should carefully review the risks and uncertainties described in other documents that the company publishes.

34

