Reddcoin
The Social Currency

2016 ­ 2017 Roadmap

by The Reddcoin Team
30 September 2016

Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Executive Summary
Reddcoin Status Report
Reddcoin Fund Raising
Reddcoin Project Roadmap
Infographic overview
Detailed Overview
Team Reddcoin

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

1

Executive Summary
During the summer of 2016, Reddcoin saw a major update to the network through the release of
the v2.0 Core wallet. Features included in the release pave the way for Reddcoin to be made more
accessible and to encourage widespread adoption.
V2.0 also introduces several security fixes, notably the enforcing of strict DER signatures and
validation rules (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal ­ BIP66). The code base has moved from Litecoin,
with Reddcoin becoming a fork of Bitcoin, based on the v0.9 branch. This grants Reddcoin direct
access to upstream features and fixes coming from Bitcoin development.
With this major work now complete and adoption of v2.0 steadily increasing, the attention of the
Reddcoin team now turns to the road ahead. Beyond developing a blockchain, the team is
planning a broad ecosystem of applications that will realise the vision of Reddcoin ­ the ​Social
Currency.
This document presents the 2016­2017 roadmap detailing Reddcoin development goals and
objectives over the next 18 months. The outline of core objectives are made along a timeline with
milestones to measure and validate healthy progress.

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

2

Reddcoin Status Report
Over the past year there has been significant work done at the Core wallet level to provide a
stable blockchain ready to support various applications and features as development continues.
Upgrades include a rebase from Bitcoin Core, the inclusion of strict DER signatures to further
secure transactions and close possible attack vectors (BIP66), the ability to store data on the
blockchain through OP_RETURN with a 80­byte limit, as well as numerous security upgrades and
bug fixes taken from Bitcoin Core.
Over the past 18 months, additional infrastructure has also been implemented and planned (new
DNSSeed node, new Electrum server nodes, implementation of testnet network). As features
continue to be added further extensions of infrastructure will be required. While the core team will
provide some of this infrastructure, the broader community will also be encouraged to become
involved. The core team will be available at all times to provide guidance if requested.
The Reddcoin team maintains a strong proactive attitude. Contact is being made and maintained
with third­party teams who are planning or who have already implemented various services for
Reddcoin. For the long­term viability of the project, it is essential to engage with other groups who
have taken or who will take the time to support Reddcoin in their endeavours.
The Reddcoin team has been engaging with the broader community and working with local groups
in non­English speaking locations to establish local (non­English) information portals. Recently
both the Chinese and Italian Reddcoin communities have launched websites, forums and blogs.
The next priorities aim to expand the functionality of Reddcoin while maintaining the integrity of the
Core software and blockchain. The team will continue to forge relationships with the broader
community as it identifies possible collaborative exercises. Regular updates will be made by the
team to keep the community informed about ongoing development.
The focus is on building an ecosystem that reaches beyond the blockchain. One that allows
Reddcoin to operate on a flexible platform which the average person is able to use to earn
support and to show appreciation. As it builds Reddcoin into a resource through which to express
appreciation the Reddcoin team is working to make adoption easy for the broader community and
the average social network user.

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

3

Reddcoin Fund Raising
Maintaining and developing Reddcoin as a global digital currency incurs various regular and
one­off expenses.
The Reddcoin team now accepts donations from the community to help cover the ongoing cost of
hosting servers, operational expenses, advertising, developer support and special promotions.
Reddcoin donations received are hosted at the following addresses, which are also enabled for
staking.
Community support of Reddcoin via donations is appreciated and useful.

Purpose

Address

Development Fund

RaWe7UEQ1p2PYmdwbCxAThrq4GucNh3Q6s

Administration Fund

RfmC2s2zUwkWT6cZNQiKQ6VN5xYVS3jE3V

Operations Fund

RwjWKJMY6NNehGWvWRQqmUw7HTriD2GDEB

Notes:
Guide to fundraising address goals

● The Development Fund directly supports the development team
● The Administration Fund supports ongoing admin costs
● The Operations Fund supports network infrastructure
The team also accepts non­financial assistance such as offers of programming, design work, etc.
Community members are invited to volunteer their experience and time.
Join the growing community around Reddcoin and its core team.
The Reddcoin Team can be reached here:
www.reddcointalk.org
@reddcoin

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

4

Reddcoin Project Roadmap
Infographic overview
To summarize the goals ahead and to communicate to the broader community the Reddcoin team
has created the following infographic. This infographic will be used to communicate on Reddcoin
websites and social media platforms. It provides a high­level introduction to the project goals over
the next 18 months. The infographic also provides insight into the ecosystem that is being
designed and built, along with approximate timelines for implementation.

As the exciting and inspiring steps along the roadmap are undertaken and completed, this will
create a unique opportunity for the Reddcoin team to build an highly­integrated system that will
make cryptocurrency easy and rewarding to use.

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

5

Detailed Overview
Reddcoin Project Roadmap
4th Qtr 2016
Redd­ID
(Blockchain­based
distributed naming
service)

Electrum
Servers
(SPV servers)

● Redd­ID is a blockchain­based naming service.
● The service provides users the ability to create and own multiple user IDs
(e.g. social, work or community).
● Each created ID is verified on the blockchain and linked to a Reddcoin
address.
● The Redd­ID can be used for sending and receiving Reddcoin to common
names (Address­book).
● User Redd­IDs are public and searchable.
● A Redd­ID can include as much or as little profile information as the owner
sees necessary (contact details, avatars, etc).
● User profile details can be made public or private.
● Within each user profile is the ability to link multiple social network
identities (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, etc.).
● Each social network identity can also have a separately assigned and
individual Reddcoin address.
● There is a cost for registering each Redd­ID.
● The cost of registering is determined by a number of factors such as the
length, mixture of characters, vowels, etc. (e.g. john.id > johnadam.id >
john0001.id.)
● Due to popularity, the cost of registering some short names (Joe, Tom,
etc.) will be 6 figures or more (at current exchange rates).
● Redd­IDs are verified in PoSV blocks, with active Reddcoin stakers
supporting the registration service.
● The majority of the registration fee paid for a Redd­ID goes to the
wallet­holder who stakes and fully verifies the transaction.
● A small percentage of the registration fee goes to the network (the
Electrum server operator) to support infrastructure.
● Redd­IDs may be transferred between users (creating a potential
marketplace).
● Redd­IDs will have an expiration date and require renewal (terms between
1 and 5 years with discounting).
● Essential to bootstrapping the Redd­ID ecosystem will be the revival of
Reddcoin Electrum servers.
● The servers provide the initial interface to the Redd­ID system for
registration and maintenance.
● The Electrum protocol is extended to support Redd­ID operations and to
enable interaction between clients and the blockchain.

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

6

● Network participants are encouraged to run Electrum servers to receive a
percentage of registration fees as network operators’ fees (service fees).
● Electrum Server operators set their own service fee percentage.
● The fee structure is advertised to users when they register their Redd­ID
and they can choose their prefered server to connect with.

1st Qtr 2017
Electrum
Client
(SPV wallet
providing instant
startup)

● The Reddcoin Electrum Client provides the interface for Reddcoin users.
● Reddcoin Electrum is a lightweight client with fast start times.
● Operation requires a much smaller blockchain download (block headers
only: 110MB vs 1.8GB full chain).
● As of the publication date of the Reddcoin 2016­2017 roadmap, the
Electrum Client is already updated to support BIP66 transactions (low_S
signature).
● Electrum wallets are easier to backup and maintain, with addresses being
generated / restored from a seed phrase.
● The client is available on
○ Desktop (Linux, Windows, OSx)
○ Android
○ iOS (availability depends on the evolution of Apple’s policy on
supported cryptocurrencies)
● The Electrum Client supports natively the registration and maintenance of
Redd­IDs and full user profile metadata management.
● Plugin architecture is included to allow the extension of additional features
○ Users can opt in/out of features (enable / disable plugin).
○ Additional plugins extend the functionality of the wallet
■ Tip notifications
■ Tip feed
■ Built in RDD exchange rates
■ As of roadmap publication discussions are underway with
some exchanges for built­in currency conversion
■ Other possibilities include social chat/IRC/news feeds
● The Electrum wallet becomes the social wallet.
2nd Qtr 2017

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

7

Browser
Wallet
(Decentralised
tipping)

● Tipping wallets are no longer
stored on discrete servers.
● The existing tip bots (Reddit /
Facebook/ Twitch) are reworked to
become decentralised entities.
● Tips are deposited and spent
directly from a user's wallet with
private keys under the control of
the user.
● Inclusion of many popular social platforms (Facebook, Youtube, Twitch,
Twitter and others) via browser plugin architecture acting as a bridge.
● The Browser Wallet supports the extended Electrum protocol.
● The wallet allows in­browser registration of Redd­IDs.
● Micro­subscriptions
○ Scheduled or time­based transactions to websites and users to
support good content.
● Chrome is first on the list to support, followed by Firefox and Safari.

3rd Qtr 2017
Social
Broadcast
(Service to
encourage social
and
micro­donations)

Redd­ID
API
(Blockchain data
interface)

● Reddcoin Social Broadcast encourages positive social exchange and
interaction, and rewarding / donations.
● Social Broadcast links users to content creators.
● The service generates metrics on popularity, interaction, etc.
● URLs and postings that attract positive tipping behaviour are ranked and
highlighted.
● Activity is broadcast and users can subscribe.
● Specific users or content can be followed.
● An API for third­party integration with Redd­ID.
● Allows remote registration from third­party services
● Perform blockchain data queries and look­ups.

4th Qtr 2017
PoSV 2.0
(Proof of Stake
Velocity v2
improvements)

● Continued investigation of PoS algorithms in the context of further
upgrades (security, performance, etc.) to PoSV.
● Improving the current PoSV algorithm to strengthen the existing PoS
reward scheme.
● Extending the algorithm to encourage more active staking nodes.
● Modifying the existing algorithm to reward active stakers with interest
based on the total money supply (staking + non­staking). For example if
only 50% of the available Reddcoin are staked, those Reddcoins generate

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

8

2 x interest, i.e. 10­12%. This is implemented in the full­node Qt wallet
first.
Electrum
Staking
(Extended staking
ability)

● To benefit smaller coin holders who find downloading the entire blockchain
a burden, the implementation of staking in Electrum.
● Staking enabled in each of the Electrum clients (Windows, OSx, Linux,
Android) .

Team Reddcoin
Lead Developer |
Developer |
Communications & |
Reddheads Chief Editor |
Community Manager |

John Nash (Gnasher)
Henry
Stuart (reddibrek)
Eric

Reddcoin Community

Reddcoin 2016­2017 Roadmap

9

