	  

CONTENTS	  
1.
1.1

INTRODUCTION
What is it RegalCoin

2.
2.1

SPECIFICATIONS
Algorithm X11

3.
3.1
3.2
3.3

ICO ( INITIAL COIN OFFERING )
ICO Target
ICO Parameters
ICO Alocation Structure

4.
4.1
4.2

WHY MUST CHOOSE REGALCOIN
Benefits
Roadmap & Development

www.regalcoin.info	  

1. Introduction
What is it Regalcoin
Regalcoin is a crypto currency. This currency is like the Dollar, but it
is only available in the digital world. The concept may sound like
Bitcoin, and is actually not much different from bitcoin.
Transfer instant Peer to Peer
Peer-to-peer itself means Regalcoin runs without having a central server. The
storage server is decentralized and distributed-divided into various servers run
by each user connected to the network.

Peer	  

Transfer money easily
Just like Bitcoin, it can be sent anywhere in
seconds, whenever and wherever you want.
Money transfer with Regalcoin can happen only
with a smartphone's and internet connection.

www.regalcoin.info	  

Peer	  

Transfer fee is very small to zero
Transfer fee can be removed until free, but to
speed up transactions, you can set the cost in
RegalCoin wallet as needed no matter how much
coin is sent.

Regalcoin transactions are Anonymous
All the transactions we have done can be seen, but we do not know who the owner
of the Regalcoin address is if the owner does not tell it. Each Regalcoin user can
actually choose whether or not his name will appear, but even if the user wants to
keep his identity secret, all of his transactions are still recorded and can be
monitored through blockchain.

Transactions are very easy
You can transfer Regalcoin to anywhere in the world as
long as it is connected to the internet. Regalcoin will be
deposited into the Regalcoin Wallet.
1.
2.
3.

Register via Web wallet or Download Wallet app,
Enter Regalcoin Address from the transaction
opponent and the amount of Regalcoin you want
to transfer
Klik send button.

www.regalcoin.info	  

The number of coins is limited
Regalcoin supply will only have 27 million coins
worldwide, this resembles an economic system based
on deflation and with increasing supply coin, Regalcoin
prices tend to rise, when demand is high and the
number of coins that remain is not increased.

x

Regalcoin is not controlled by institutions or
governments Regalcoin that uses the Blockchain
database is not controlled by a party, but is so open to the
public that it is impossible for someone to forge
transactions in Blockchain. All transactions are recorded
live, transparent, and spread across multiple servers.
Those who want to change or falsify Regalcoin transaction
data must hack multiple servers at the same time.

Differences Bitcoin and Regalcoin
In the world of cryptocurrancies, Bitcoin and Regalcoin are
not much different, the difference is Opportunity and Price.
To have one Bitcoin you have to prepare more usd2000,
Regalcoin has a bigger opportunity is because the price is
still very cheap and you have chance for the price of ICO
which is not You get the in bitcoin before.
How to Get RegalCoin
You can get Regalcoin by buying and staking. To
buy Regalcoin can be done through exchangers
who have worked with us.

www.regalcoin.info	  

2. Spesification
Coin	  Type

POW/POS	  HYBRID

Algorithm

X	  11

Coin	  Abbrevia4on

REC

Maximum	  coin	  supply

27	  Million

Total	  POW	  block

220,000

POW	  block	  reward

50	  REC

Time	  between	  reward

120	  Second

Maximum	  stake	  age

15	  day

Maximum	  stake	  age

90	  day

POS	  Yearly	  interest

3%

Github	  Source	  Code	  
Website
	  

www.regalcoin.info	  

	  :	  Github.com/regalcoin/regalcoin	  
	  :	  Regalcoin.info	  

2.1 Algotrithm X11
X11 is a widely used hashing algorithm created by Dash core developer Evan
Duffield. X11’s chained hashing algorithm utilizes a sequence of eleven
scientific hashing algorithms for the proof-of-work. This is so that the
processing distribution is fair and coins will be distributed in much the same
way Bitcoin’s were originally. X11 was intended to make ASICs much more
difficult to create, thus giving the currency plenty of time to develop before
mining centralization became a threat. This approach was largely successful;
as of early 2016, ASICs for X11 now exist and comprise a significant portion of
the network hashrate, but have not resulted in the level of centralization
present in Bitcoin.
X11 is the name of the chained proof-of-work (PoW) algorithm that was
introduced in Dash (launched January 2014 as “Xcoin”). It was partially
inspired by the chained-hashing approach of Quark, adding further “depth” and
complexity by increasing the number of hashes, yet it differs from Quark in that
the rounds of hashes are determined a priori instead of having some hashes
being randomly picked.The X11 algorithm uses multiple rounds of 11 different
hashes (blake, bmw, groestl, jh, keccak, skein, luffa, cubehash, shavite, simd,
echo), thus making it one of the safest and more sophisticated cryptographic
hashes in use by modern cryptocurrencies.The name X11 is not related to the
open source GUI server that provides a graphical interface to unix/linux users.

www.regalcoin.info	  

3. ICO (Initial Coin Offering)
3.1 What is it ICO
ICO Extension of Initial Coin Offering. Initial means the earliest, Coin means digital
token / coin and Offering means bidding, when interpreted in its entirety means the
earliest coin offerings before launch into the free market.

3.2 ICO Target
Our goal and objective is to promote Regalcoin
Aims to provide opportunities to all cryptocurrency enthusiasts to immediately have
Regalcoin at a price that is still competitive.
We understand correctly about the development of payment instruments today,
countries have used crypto as a digital payment tool, with the presence of
Regalcoin we believe can create a great opportunity for the world of cryptocurrency
to further develop.

www.regalcoin.info	  

3.2 ICO PARAMETERS
ICO START

ICO FINISH

22nd	  August	  2017	  

22nd	  September	  2017	  

qICO Price
USD 100

• 117 REC
• One Time Payment

USD 1,000

• 1,177 REC

USD 5,000

• 5,883 REC

USD 10,000

• 11,765 REC

USD 20,000

• 23,529 REC

• One Time Payment
• One Time Payment
• One Time Payment
• One Time Payment

§ICO	  Coin	  DistribuCon	  :	  5	  Million	  

www.regalcoin.info	  

3.2 ICO PARAMETER
Investors

30	  %

Development

30%

Adver4sing

20%

Maintenance

20%

FUNDS ALLOCATION
Investors

Development

30%

20%

Advertising

30%

20%

Maintenance

4. Why Must Choose RegalCoin
4.1 Benefit
This is a great opportunity that we can promise to all our members. We believe that
we can give an advantage to all our members around the world with the concept we
have prepared for a major change in the world cryptocurrencies.

Lending Program
Early Contribution

Network Program

Affiliate Program

Partnership

Early Contribution
Each member has the opportunity to contribute early on taking the ICO
opportunities we have prepared through our website and several Partner
Exchangers,
5,000,000 REC With the opening price of USD 0.85 and increasing Volume, use
your earliest opportunity to have a coin at a very low price from us.

www.regalcoin.info	  

LENDING PROGRAM
It is one very interesting concept for passive investors and is perfect for those who
do not want to take a headache about investment returns
We can not promise how much profit we can give each month, but we're opening up
this opportunity for our passive investors to get a similar opportunity when they do
not have time to be active.
Lending Program is Fluctuative depends on the work of our BOT which is funding
your investment fund, this profit is given every day up to 99 days according to
contract, when the contract expires then the investment fund will be returned in
accordance with terms & conditions.

AFFILIATE PROGRAM
We prepare Affiliate Bonus to our diligent member in promotion to introduce
regalcoin to the world.
Affiliate bonus can be obtained by way of members must perform Lending at least
once. In the affiliate program, for the next when there are members or investors who
do lending through your Referral then you can get an affiliate bonus instantly.

NETWORK PROGRAM
We understand the workings of the world so from this we appreciate from every
effort of our members who have promoted regalcoin to the world, with this we give
bonus leadership to all our members who can build their group in accordance with
qualifications that have been prepared in the system then they are entitled to
receive Network bonus that has been prepared.

NETWORK PROGRAM
This concept is prepared for the purpose of helping online businesses to get the
same growth opportunities with us, this concept is very simple, we invite online
businesses to use regalcoin as a digital payment tool in their system, and make it
easier for their members to make payments, In addition we also help promote their
website through our website when they have used regalcoin as a means of payment.

4.2 Roadmap and Development
August	  2017	  

September	  2017	  

October	  2017	  

•Initial coin offering “ICO”
•Web Wallet & Dekstop
•Linux,Windows,Mac Wallet
•Lending Program Promo

•Listing At Exchange
•Price Target $10
•Online Marketing Campaign
•Offline Marketing Campaign

•Android Wallet
•I.O.S Wallet
•New Pair Doge,ETH,LTC

November	  2017	  

December	  2017	  

•Blockchain School Training
•Lending Program Training
•Confrence

•Target Price $50
•Merchant Partnership
•Programs Partnership

2018	  
•Training Centre
•Regalcoin Debitcard
•Local Exchanger
•And more....

5. CHARITY

www.Regalcoin.info

www.regalcoin.info	  

