A Decentralized Global Home
Rental Platform Whitepaper

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.

2.

3.

Introduction

4

1.1 Foreword

4

1.2 Highlights of Rentberry’s Ongoing Business

5

1.3 Company Background

6

Rentberry Explained

7

2.1 What is Rentberry?

7

2.2 The World Needs Rentberry: Here’s Why

7

2.3 Open and Transparent Rental Platform

9

2.4 Benefits for Landlords & Tenants

10

Key Advantages

15

3.1 Unique Features

15

3.1.1 Auctioning Technology

15

3.1.2 Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Network

17

3.1.3 Proprietary Scoring System

20

3.1.4 Rent Payments

21

3.2 Additional Services

4.

22

3.2.1 Third Party Service Providers

22

3.2.2 Utility Bills Payments

22

3.3 Ongoing Research

23

3.4 The Power of Data

24

Blockchain Technology and Smart Contracts

25

TABLE OF CONTENTS
5.

6.

7.

Team and Progress

31

5.1 Team

31

5.2 Our Track Record

33

5.3 Prominent Investors

34

5.4 Advisors

35

5.5 Status Quo & Timeline

36

Token Launch

39

6.1 Token Sale Overview

39

6.2 Bonus for Large Purchasers

40

6.3 Token Sale Structure

40

6.3.1 Token Sale Procedure and Allocation

41

6.3.2 Rentberry Reserve

42

6.4 Budget Allocation Overview

42

6.5 Risks to Participating in the Token Sale

44

Expansion & Marketing Strategy

45

7.1 Expansion Plan

45

7.2 30-Month Roadmap

48

Conclusion

49

Legal Disclaimer

50

Source Material

54

1. Introduction
“Blockchain technology and the utility token
ecosystem are the two pillars that will turn our
transparent rental platform into a global one.”
1.1 Foreword
Rentberry is on a positive trajectory in the long-term rental platform space. We already have
more than 120,000 users and 224,000 properties on our platform and have raised $4 million
in funds from highly respected angel and institutional investors. Unlike many blockchain startups, we already have an established business which goes beyond a vision and a roadmap.
Since the latest version of our platform went live in early 2017, the media has referred to us as
a truly disruptive real estate technology. This has resulted in requests from around the globe
asking when our services and technology will become available on an international basis.
The goal of the Rentberry token sale (“Token Sale”) is to convert our business into a truly
decentralized token ecosystem that will reduce the time and expense of long-term rentals for
everyone involved, and provide the capital which will allow us to address the growing
international demand for Rentberry’s services.

4

1.2 Highlights of Rentberry’s Ongoing Business
Founded:

Listed Properties: 1

2015

224,000+

Capital Raised:

Cities:

$4M

4,948

Team:

Active User Growth: 2

23 people

53% m/m

Combined Years of Experience:

Applications Processed:

150

4,000+

(Q3 2017)

1

Total number of properties that were shown on the platform from January 1, 2017 until November 8, 2017.

2

Number of unique users who initiated sessions on rentberry.com website within selected time period.

5

1.3 Company Background
“In contrast to many other companies launching token
sales, we already have a functioning platform.”
We founded Rentberry at the end of 2015 after our founders spent almost a month searching
for rental properties in San Francisco, California. We experienced the frustration involved with
submitting rental applications, enduring bidding wars with other prospective tenants and
going through uncomfortable face-to-face negotiations with landlords.
We consistently lost apartments to other applicants because of the lack of transparency in the
rental process as we had no idea if there were other applicants who were willing to offer more
than the original asking price established by landlords. Moreover, once we rented an
apartment, we had to freeze thousands of dollars for a rental deposit even though we had
excellent credit reports, employment histories and references.
The time-consuming, costly and unnerving process of finding an apartment made us question
the efficiency of the traditional long-term rental process. With our founders having lived and
worked on two different continents and having seed round investors from 11 different
countries, we know firsthand that the same problems with long-term rentals exist not just in
the U.S. but at an international level. Promotions of long-term rental properties offer no real
value to users other than pictures and descriptions of the properties. Rentberry, however, is
working on a technology that will unite tenants and landlords and simplify the rental process
with a more complete online property management solution built on the blockchain.

6

2. Rentberry Explained
2.1. What is Rentberry?
Rentberry is a decentralized long-term rental ecosystem that will use blockchain technology to
make the rental process less costly and more convenient and secure. The transparent
ecosystem with verified information on renters and landlords fosters trust between the parties.
Rentberry’s proprietary auctioning technology reduces traditional frustrations, scam rates, time
delays, and friction points in the rental process to benefit both tenants and landlords. Also, the
Rentberry ecosystem will offer the ability for community members to help back quality tenants,
unfreezing millions of dollars tied up rental deposits in the process.
Although the costs and characteristics of housing vary across the world, residents of many
countries experience the same problems in the long-term rental space. Rentberry’s mission is
to offer a solution that will be equally efficient for residents across international borders.

2.2. The World Needs Rentberry: Here’s Why
Technological evolution has led to the disruption of multiple sectors in recent years. The long
term (six months and longer) rental industry has remained relatively stagnant.
Despite so many other industries having been successfully disrupted in recent years (retail,
social media, transportation), the long-term property rental space remains mired in tradition
and lacks comparable innovation. The process of long-term rentals still results in frustration
and lost time for both the owners of rental properties who are looking for additional income
and potential tenants who are looking for a place to call home. There has not yet been
technological disruption significant enough to usher in a new—and better—way to rent. Here
at Rentberry, we aim to change that.
Global practices still include listings in the form of simple classified ads in print publications

7

or on sites like Craigslist, Zillow, Rightmove and Zoopla which provide limited information
about a particular property for prospective tenants and essentially no support for actionable
items, such as the application process, contract execution, rent collection, and maintenance
requests. Today, Rentberry offers users a fully operational, web-based long-term rental
platform. Our goal is to leverage blockchain technology to ensure a seamless rental
experience which will allow the entire rental application and rental contracts process to be
completed quickly and online.
It is still common practice to complete many tasks manually. This includes calling or emailing
prospective tenants, manually screening applicants, and accepting paper checks or cash for
rent payments. In addition, agents and brokers sometimes charge significant fees for minimal
services, and landlords force tenants to freeze thousands of dollars in rental deposits.
International renters face problems qualifying to rent overseas as their credit scores and credit
histories are only valid in their country of citizenship or in the country in which they are legally
qualified to work and live in at the moment.
Meanwhile, renting has become an economic and lifestyle choice for 41% of Americans, 55.5%
of the Swiss, and 39.9% of Germans, to name just a few countries. Currently, there are over
641 million rental units worldwide and around 2.3 billion people living in long-term rentals.
According to the most recent statistics from the UN, there are over 244 million international
migrants living worldwide, which creates a large pool of potential users who are likely to
benefit from a transparent universal rental platform.
According to a recent Harvard University study, long-term rental behavior has increased
among all income groups, age groups, and household types. According to projections by the
Urban Institute, as many as 59% of new households to be formed by 2030 will be renting
homes instead of buying them. Renting has become the new normal and we believe this trend
will continue to hold true for other countries around the world.
Using Rentberry, landlords and tenants in countries across the globe will have the opportunity
8

to enjoy a transparent and universally applicable platform for long-term rentals. Rentberry will:
•

Eliminate the need for the agent/broker model (and associated expenses) by allowing
landlords and tenants to complete all rental tasks online in a peer to peer manner;

•

Establish a uniform international standard of rental procedures that will benefit expats
and migrants living and working in new countries; and

•

Provide a crowdsourced rental deposit network that will allow tenants to reduce the
amount of their own money they need tie up in their rental deposits.

This makes Rentberry the first company in the long-term residential real estate space that will
strive to operate internationally and ensure a fair, frictionless, and seamless long-term rental
process for all parties involved.

2.3. Open and Transparent Rental Platform
Rentberry will use blockchain technology to streamline the entire long-term rental process by
making it possible for tenants and landlords to complete all rental tasks in one place. These
tasks include:
•

Searching for properties;

•

Making offers / bids via the Rentberry auctioning platform;

•

Screening prospects;

•

Selecting the best / most suitable candidates;

•

Negotiating the terms;

•

Unlocking rental deposits;

•

E-signing contracts;

•

Paying rent;

•

Submitting maintenance requests;

•

Hiring third-party service providers (e.g., handymen and plumbers); and

•

Enabling landlords to stay connected with tenants.

We already have a functional platform and marketplace with actual users and properties that

9

allow for some of these transactions. Our active user traffic has grown 53%+ month on month
during Q3 2017.
In the future, we plan to decentralize and fully automate the tasks listed above using
blockchain technology powered by our BERRY token.
Tenants will have free access to view rental listings on the platform as will single-family
homeowners with up to three properties. Large volume landlords (those with more than three
properties under management), such as real estate corporations, brokerage firms and
property management companies, will have to pay only 150 BERRY tokens (i.e., expected to
be approximately $30 USD) per month if they choose to manage more than three properties
on the platform simultaneously.

2.4 Benefits for Landlords and Tenants
Duplicated efforts, protracted bureaucratic processes and financial friction are common
friction points within the long-term rental market. Rentberry’s platform benefits landlords and
tenants as follows:

a. Landlords
Listing Marketing & Syndication
Landlord benefits will include the ability to list any property on the platform with a specified
asking price and include detailed information on the given rental unit. Using BERRY tokens,
landlords can promote listings on rentberry.com or syndicate to additional rental sites for
increased reach and visibility. The fee for property promotion will be dynamic and will depend
on the number of other landlords promoting their properties at the same time.
Rental Price Auction
All rental applications will be collected in a user-friendly format with the option to accept or
reject any application with a single click. Rentberry’s auctioning technology (described below)

10

ensures transparency and fair competition, and it will also ensure that landlords are able to:
•

Reduce vacancy rates by seamlessly addressing pricing in depressed market
conditions;

•

Capitalize on hot markets by extracting the most value from their properties; and

•

Select tenants based on data points beyond the amount they are willing to pay.

The Rentberry Scoring Methodology
As Rentberry evolves, the platform will allow tenants and landlords to rate each other by
submitting reviews, and will also allow both parties to assess each other by reference to those
reviews and an immutable record of rental activity stored on the blockchain. This information,
coupled with publicly available data (e.g., credit reports, background checks, etc.), will be
analyzed and processed by Rentberry’s proprietary scoring technology. The Rentberry
methodology will be more advanced, decentralized, secure/immutable and intuitive than
vertically-focused solutions that analyze only one aspect of a renter’s history (such as Experian
credit reports in the U.S.). In addition, since the Rentberry scores are part of the tenant and
landlord profiles on the Rentberry platform, they can be used internationally. This will open a
number of new possibilities, including by allowing:
•

Landlords, in addition to the actual tenant application data, to use the Rentberry scoring
system to choose the best tenant for the property;

•

Members of the Rentberry community to use the Rentberry scoring system to identify
quality tenants they want to back by helping them fund their rental deposits, in return
for certain rewards; and

•

Tenants to use the landlord scores in addition to open-house visits to find the
properties with the best landlord.

Rent Collection and Use of BERRY Tokens
All payments on the platform will be executed in BERRY tokens. Landlords will be able to
collect rent in BERRY tokens seamlessly and securely and use it for other services on the
platform, such as to:

11

•

Pay for property promotion and marketing which will feature their properties at the top
of search results and highlight them in a different color on the map of available rentals;

•

Use BERRY tokens to help quality tenants by covering a portion of their rental deposits
in exchange for rewards in the form of BERRY tokens;

•

Hire third-party service providers, such as house cleaners, handymen, plumbers,
electricians, etc.

b. Tenants
Focused Property Search
Tenants will be able to display filtered results with a detailed analysis of key information
relating to each listed property. This includes:
•

Seamless searches for properties in the desired area using extensive filtering capability
(e.g., size, price, preferred amenities, etc.);

•

Online scheduling of open-house visits in order to see the properties and meet the
landlords; and

•

An internal and secure communication system that allows potential tenants to contact
landlords without bothering them with phone calls and/or emails.

Transparent Application Process
Rentberry understands that the incumbent rental decision model is binary and unforgiving.
Incomplete or less than desired credit profiles mean having the rental application denied or
putting down a higher rental deposit. That is why Rentberry has developed market leading
application functionalities to benefit tenants. Tenants are able to submit applications online
without bothering landlords and mailing/emailing confidential information (e.g., SSN, passport
numbers, bank account information, etc.). During this process, tenants are able to:
•

Analyze demand for the property and relevant information in offers submitted by other
applicants;

•

Customize offers in real-time based on demand thus increasing the chances of
securing the property using our proprietary auctioning technology; and

12

•

Negotiate pricing factors (e.g., rent, deposits, lease duration).

As this is a blockchain-based solution, all evidence of formal certification and documentation
required to complete a rental application will be automatically recorded to the distributed
ledger (in a manner compliant with applicable privacy laws, including the European Union’s
GDPR).
Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Coverage
The Rentberry community (tenants, landlords, friends

family

) will have the ability to

utilize their BERRY tokens to cover a portion of rental deposits for selected tenants in
exchange for rewards in the form of BERRY tokens (i.e., an interest rate type return, paid in
BERRY tokens, as a reward for having funded part of the rental deposit). This will allow
otherwise-qualified tenants who might otherwise not be able to afford a rental deposit to rent
an apartment, and by having others contribute to their rental deposit, providing them with
better reputational and financial credibility with potential landlords. This will also give landlords
access to a larger pool of qualified applicants and increase their ability to rent apartments.
Rental Contract Execution
Tenants can securely and safely execute a legal contract which is signed by the parties using
their blockchain keys / identities and then immutably store that contract on the blockchain.
This can be done in seconds without wasting paper or crucial time. Execution of the contract
will lead to an automatic settlement (transfer of BERRY tokens) under the terms of the smart
contract, reducing the friction, time and reconciliation issues associated with confirming initial
deposit and rental payments.
Maintenance Requests
Once the property is rented, tenants will be able to conveniently submit maintenance service
requests to the landlords. All requests will be stored in the system and will be able to be
accessed at any time in case of disputes in the future. Tenants who record this activity on the
Rentberry blockchain platform will have proof that they reported issues in a timely manner,
13

thereby reducing the potential for liability for additional damage that they allegedly failed to
report promptly, or not at all.
Security of Tenant Information
All of a tenant’s relevant personal data (e.g., financial, rental history, credit rating, references
and reviews) will be secured immutably on the blockchain. This data will be wholly owned and
controlled by the tenant and only made visible to the landlord when the tenant makes a rental
application using their private key / wallet on their mobile and/or web app.

14

3. Key Advantages
3.1 Unique Features
3.1.1 Auctioning Technology

“Innovative customer offer submission technology will
reshape the rental process.”
The Rentberry Auctioning Technology is part of what we believe to be the platform’s unique
intellectual property, and we are currently in the process of filing for patent protection.

Applicant With Highest Offer

1. Your Offer

2. Additional Info

Rent Offer

$2,200

Deposit Offer

$3,000

3. Screening
Credit Score
Monthly Salary

780
$6,500

Pets

Monthly Rent
Medium Demand

$2,000

6 Applications

Roommates
Asking Price: $2,000
Highest Offer: $2,200

679
Deposit

Average Credit Score

$3,000
Show Details

Match Highest

Asking Deposit: $3,000
Highest Offer: $3,000

Beat Highest

Next

15

The Auctioning Technology’s core purpose is to ensure that landlords price their properties
optimally in both hot and slow markets, while potential tenants are afforded complete visibility
on competing offers and offered the ability to seamlessly negotiate rental terms online.
The Auctioning Technology acts as a pricing oracle and is part of Rentberry’s Unique Selling
Proposition (USP), which allows tenants to bid, sign legal rental documents and settle
payments using BERRY tokens, all in one visit to the Rentberry website or mobile app.
The application cost for prospective tenants (including access to the Rentberry Auctioning
Technology) will be 1,000 BERRY tokens (expected to be approximately $200 USD) per
application, of which 50 BERRY tokens (expected to be approximately $10 USD) will be
distributed to Rentberry as a fee for using the service and the remaining 950 BERRY tokens
will be distributed to the applicable landlord towards an initial payment, as described more
fully below. This price includes a U.S. credit score and background report. In the future, we
plan to have our own proprietary tenant score and landlord scores, based on activity recorded
on the blockchain, and use of these scores will be included in this fee. We use this model in
our current business and are already generating revenue and increasing users daily. We are
hopeful that migrating to a blockchain based solution will accelerate this growth. We also plan
to seek permission to integrate with additional blockchain solutions, including, for example,
the APPII platform (http://appii.io) for verified education and professional records. In this case,
APPII users could permission Rentberry to access their verified credentials, thereby increasing
their score as well as their chances of successful selection by a landlord.
Following the launch of BERRY tokens via the Token Sale, and once the platform is fully
developed, tenants accessing the proprietary Auctioning Technology based platform will be
able to make offers to rent properties using BERRY tokens.
The workflow of BERRY tokens will be driven by smart contracts. Tenants will have to pay
1,000 BERRY tokens per application to give access to their own data to the landlords. This

16

data will feature all of the shared, private, privacy law compliant historical information recorded
on the blockchain made available for the landlord to make an educated decision on the
caliber of the tenant(s). If the landlord selects that tenant, 950 of the 1,000 BERRY tokens will
be automatically distributed to the landlord via smart contract to be applied to the first month’s
rent or to the rental deposit as determined by the landlord and tenant. The remaining 50
BERRY tokens will be retained by Rentberry as a fee for the services being provided. In the
case of a rejected application, all 1,000 BERRY tokens will be returned to the tenants’ wallet.
It is important to note that all transaction data – property, location, date, amount, outcome –
will be stored on the blockchain. This information may be shared with Rentberry to perform
analysis to better enhance its algorithm offering recommendations to tenants on what to bid
based on current market conditions.

3.1.2 Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Network
We estimate that there is more than $500 3 billion locked in rental deposits worldwide. On
average, renters become homeowners at the age of 40. This means that from the time they
turn 18 and until they acquire a property, most people rent. As renters switch rental units, the
rental deposits that they put down are continuously frozen with different landlords. In addition,
millions of people are looking for a better way to use their capital – more than $35 trillion
currently sits in banks generating only on average 0.1% interest.
The Rentberry platform will allow quality tenants to unlock most of the money they would have
to tie up in their rental deposits by utilizing a crowdsourced rental deposit network – a
community of users on the Rentberry platform, such as friends, family members, landlords,
tenants – who will finance part of the required rental deposit. People who are willing to help

3

Based on internal analysis and estimates derived from the data from various publications (see Source Material
section).

17

tenants may not even be actual tenants or landlords with listings on the platform. These users
might join the Rentberry network with the sole purpose of helping tenants who do not want to
have the full amount required for their rental deposit frozen and, in helping such people,
receive rewards for doing so.
Smart contracts will underpin this process, providing provenance and transparency to
contributors regarding the underlying asset / tenant, as well as rendering more efficient
onboarding, ownership transfer and settlement processes.
The rental deposits will reside on the blockchain on the platform, with the tenant’s risk profile
and past performance attached. The landlord has instant access to the rental deposit funds
provided by the tenant and contributors in case of the default on rent or damage to the
property. Depending on the amount claimed by the landlord, the first funds unlocked are of
the tenant. If the tenant’s funds are not enough to cover the damage/rent, the funds of the
contributors in pro-rated proportion will become available to the landlord. In case of the
default on rent or damage to the property - the tenant’s score will be negatively affected and
contributors and landlord will be able to rate and write a review, which most likely would limit
this tenant to crowdsource rental deposit in the future. All of this activity will be managed by
smart contracts, with all payments in the form of BERRY tokens and a transaction fee paid to
Rentberry.
We have access to executives at top companies in the insurance industry and we plan to use
their advice in the future when it comes to building a crowdsourced rental deposit network.
Our current seed round investors include Richard Coon - Founder of Partners Life (insurance
company in New Zealand) and Patrick Frost - CEO of Swiss Life Group (the largest insurance
company in Switzerland).
Rentberry’s crowdsourced rental deposit network in detail:
•

Tenant will be required to pay a minimum of 10% of the actual rental deposit (acting
similar to a deductible);
18

•

Community members will be able to analyze key information about the tenant
(including proprietary Tenant’s Score, etc.). Once ready, they can submit offers (amount
they are willing to help with and rewards that they are looking to receive in return). On
average, we expect community members to receive rewards in excess of 5% of the
amount that they cover (our research indicates that the average yearly interest rate
community members ask for will be between 3-7%);

•

Tenant will receive all the offers from the community and will be able to pick and
choose the best deals;

•

Rentberry will be able to participate by offering to fund rental deposits as well. This way
we will ensure that quality tenants will be able to receive help for the full remaining
amount of the rental deposit (90% of its value);

•

Rentberry will also collect a percentage of the transaction volume (reward paid to
Rentberry). We expect the commission to be around 0.25% of the transaction amount.
All rewards collected by Rentberry will be deposited to the Rentberry Reserve (see
section 6.3.2).

All of this activity will be underpinned by blockchain, smart contracts and the BERRY tokens
for verifiability and efficiency.
We expect the supply and demand from both sides to balance due to two factors:
•

Community members will offer their best terms to the most qualified tenants; and

•

Tenants will analyze all offers and pick the best proposals from the community
members.

Armed with our proprietary scoring system which will act as an oracle, coupled with the use of
artificial intelligence, our goal is to help tenants save and unlock millions of dollars in upfront
rental deposits by paying instead only a portion of that deposit and a small reward in BERRY
tokens to those who cover the balance of the deposit.

19

3.1.3 Proprietary Scoring System
Traditional credit bureaus work reasonably well when it comes to providing data to financial
institutions for products like mortgages, car loans, credit card applications, and the like.
However, none of the credit bureaus were created with the rental industry in mind. That is why
they do not capture crucial data points (e.g., rental payments, references, reviews of prior
landlords, number of roommates, payment split). All of today’s platforms are essentially
classified ads that don’t have, or provide access to, the necessary data to streamline the rental
process for all involved. Further, the data from traditional credit bureaus in one country does
not carry authority when people cross borders and apply for rentals abroad.
On the Rentberry platform, all information on tenants and landlords will be recorded on smart
contracts and used by a smart oracle to calculate the proprietary tenant and landlord scores.
Where an individual is located will not be an issue as information and scores for both parties
will be saved to the platform and made available upon request and when granted permission.
A token-based transactional rental solution, combined with a healthy, incentivizing ecosystem
for good users of the network, underpinned by the BERRY token, will enable Rentberry to
increase transaction volumes. Putting our platform onto the blockchain allows our ecosystem
to create a unified token which has value globally, while building individual reputational ratings
that can be trusted by any party.
The scoring system is a statistical screening method, as tenant and landlord data made
available to Rentberry is used to generate a score between 100 and 1,000. Potential risks will
be reflected in these scores. The higher the score of a tenant, the lower the risk for a landlord
to experience a default or damage to the property. The higher the score of a landlord, the
greater the chance for a tenant to build a long-lasting rental relationship on mutually beneficial
terms.
Rentberry’s individual score will be based on data from many sources, including:

20

•

Information from applications;

•

Previous payment performance;

•

History of evictions;

•

Bankruptcy records;

•

Data and scores from credit bureaus;

•

Past due accounts; and

•

Publicly available information.

Proprietary Scoring System
Blockchain

Reviews by tenants

Blockchain

Landlord

Tenant

Wants to Rent Out

Wants to Rent

Technology

Technology

Property ratings

Application information

On-time maintenance

Social media profiles
Property

Rental deposit policy

Property

Bankruptcy records

Property history and condition

Credit bureau data and scores

Score Scale

Rental terms
Move-in / Move-out rules
Prompt communication

Reviews by landlords

100

250

500

Payment performance

750

1,000

Poor

Fair

Good

Excellent

Score

Score

Score

Score

And more!

Eviction history
Past due accounts
And more!

3.1.4 Rent Payments
Rentberry plans to allow tenants to make their rental payments in BERRY tokens starting in
2018. This means no more fees will be incurred that will be associated with a credit card or
wire transfer payment, bounced checks, unrecorded cash transactions, or long wait times for
receiving payments. The risk of any fraudulent activity will be minimized as all payments will
be recorded on an immutable ledger.

21

With BERRY tokens, tenants will not only get a chance to pay rent online, but will also get to
use a single internationalized platform medium. Rental payments will be free of charge (no
commissions or hidden fees) using BERRY tokens. A history of rent payments will be
appended to the tenants’ private profile and will be used in the calculation of the proprietary
Tenant Score.
If required, we will seek any necessary registrations and/or licenses to ensure that
transactions comply with all U.S. and applicable international legal frameworks, including with
respect to money transmission and anti-money laundering. Rentberry will also comply with all
requirements of such registrations and/or licenses.

3.2 Additional Services
3.2.1 Third Party Service Providers
Rentberry plans to partner with third-party service providers and invite them (individual or
corporate clients) to join the platform. They will specify the services that they offer, the location
that they serve and the price for each service rendered.
Landlords and tenants will be given the ability to select and order services from their portals
on the Rentberry platform. All payments will be made in BERRY tokens and Rentberry will
charge 1% commission of the total price of the services.

3.2.2 Utility Bills Payments
Our team plans to partner with utility corporations, such as PG&E, to offer the ability for users
to pay utility bills in BERRY tokens directly through the platform. Our goal is to make sure all
services that relate to the long-term rental process will be paid for online through our portal.
This will dramatically simplify the lives of tenants and landlords by allowing them to save
precious time.

22

3.3 Ongoing Research
Smart Locks
At the moment, our team is working on designing a smart lock technology that will work based
on smart contracts. We firmly believe that smart locks will find great use in the rental industry
as they can make it much easier for landlords to hold open houses and for tenants to access
their rentals after their move-in dates.
With smart locks, the landlord will not need to be present to let a potential tenant into the
property as the potential tenant will just have to plug a smartphone into the lock in order to
open the door. The potential tenant’s identification would be confirmed using an existing
identity verification solution (e.g., Civic Technologies). One of the major obstacles to using
smart locks in the rental business was their battery life. We are developing next-generation
smart locks that will not need to be charged at all; instead, they will gather power from the
phone’s battery when plugged into the lock to open the door.

Open House Visit

Landlord

Tenant

Move-in Date

Open Lock

23

3.4 The Power of Data
We plan to store all information on housing trends/price fluctuations on our platform, and this
will certainly be of use for many businesses. For example, financial institutions, such as credit
card companies, are likely to be interested in accessing tenant score information and sending
them credit card offers. Moving companies would be interested in acquiring information about
tenant move-out and move-in dates in order to send promotional information about their
services.
There is no doubt that plenty of companies from different industries would be eager to acquire
this information for the purpose of market analysis and advertising.
We will provide users with absolute control over how their data is shared through the
blockchain in compliance with applicable privacy laws. We will also let users profit off their
data by rewarding them with BERRY tokens for each point in time in which they have allowed
their data to be accessed by a third party.

24

4. Blockchain Technology and
Smart Contracts
Crowdsourced Network
Service Providers

Application Process
Rental Auction

Reviews & Ratings

Agreements

Utility Bills
Rent Payments

Convenience
Security
Global Expansion
Rewards

Rentberry is convinced that blockchain technology combined with smart contracts will be the
core engine for the long-term rental industry.
The blockchain provides a mechanism for securing and transferring funds, and supporting the
complex multi-party agreements that drive those fund transfers through the use of smart
contracts. The fact that the data remains saved in an immutable distributed data store means
that users can rest assured that their data cannot be tampered with, payment flows can be

25

optimized, identity can be managed securely, and ultimately the overall rental experience can
be improved. All users of Rentberry application(s) will be required to use an identity wallet to
prove that they provided the data or that they initiated or approved the underlying activity.
Landlords and tenants will be able to specify their own terms and conditions in their rental
agreement smart contracts. Third party services are likely to be used to validate identity on
the platform.
The creation of the BERRY token is the first step in building a system of incentives and
rewards to drive efficiency in the industry. We believe that once payments are tokenized, the
processes to drive token movement can be modelled using smart contracts, and driven using
electronic signatures from the different parties.
Initially, BERRY tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain under either the ERC-20 or
ERC-223 token standard.
It is anticipated that Rentberry smart contracts will be written in Ethereum Solidity. In general,
the solution will be built in a blockchain platform agnostic manner, to future proof for evolving
and emerging blockchain technology innovations.
In the event that Ethereum resource constraints, including delayed processing times for
transactions on the Ethereum blockchain adversely impact the performance of the Rentberry
platform, Rentberry will consider adopting a hybrid public / private blockchain model. Under
such a model, while BERRY tokens would reside on the public chain, Rentberry would create a
private blockchain network ledger, with smart contract capability, to track all transactions on
the platform. Interchain token transfer would be provided by a relatively trustless (e.g.,
independent multi node) standard inter-ledger protocol. Rentberry users will have full access
to view this private chain ledger. If such a model were adopted, Rentberry would seek to
migrate all transactions and smart contract activity to the Ethereum public chain once it could
fully support the Rentberry transaction flow without any degradation in platform performance.

26

Rentberry’s team members have extensive experience developing a number of smart contract
based applications. Using smart contracts to drive token movement automates the process,
and removes the need to trust a single party with the funds. Blockchain and smart contracts
together will manage and implement features on our platform involving:
•

Identity of user (tenant / landlord);

•

Know Your Customer / Anti-Money Laundering;

•

Reputation;

•

Proof of biometric authentication (NOT storage of biometric data);

•

All activity that modifies the smart contract based identity profile;

•

All agreements by parties; and

•

All activity that drives token movement;

Each party will have their own identity private key / wallet, stored in their mobile device and
secured using biometrics, and any user activity that is driven through the smart contract will be
initiated / approved using the identity wallet as immutable proof of consent.
For example, a rental process that is fully processed on the Ethereum public blockchain might
flow as follows:
•

Tenants purchase BERRY tokens to be stored in their own personal wallets;

•

Tenants apply to rent an apartment, allocating 1,000 BERRY tokens to an Application
Deposit Smart Contract;

•

Landlord selects a preferred tenant, and 950 BERRY tokens are moved from the
Application Deposit Smart Contract of the winning tenant to a Rental Deposit Smart
Contract serving as an initial down payment towards the rental deposit. The remaining
50 BERRY tokens are moved to Rentberry's own wallet as a service fee. All losing
tenant application BERRY tokens are refunded;

•

The winning tenant next seeks contributions towards the required rental deposit by
reaching out to the Rentberry community;

27

•

The Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Network offers the tenant's rental deposit
requirements to the community;

•

Community members specify what they are willing to contribute towards the tenant’s
rental deposit, and the reward they require;

•

The tenant selects community members whose offers the tenant is willing to accept;

•

Contributors transfer BERRY tokens to the selected tenant’s Rental Deposit Smart
Contract equal to the amount of the deposit they were willing to help fund;

•

Tenant transfers BERRY tokens to the Rental Deposit Smart Contract equal to the
tenant's minimum contribution (assume 10%) and an additional amount sufficient to
cover all rewards to be paid to contributors when the lease is over, as well as the
Rentberry transaction fee;

•

The Rental Deposit Smart Contract will automatically distribute a fee to Rentberry's own
wallet of 0.25% of deposit contributions as a service fee;

•

When the tenant moves out, if there has not been a damage claim by the landlord, the
Rental Deposit Smart Contract will transfer BERRY tokens that have been deposited
back to the tenant and to each contributor deposit (plus any reward that was agreed to
be paid to the contributor);

•

When the tenant moves out, if there has been a damage claim by the landlord (that is
agreed and digitally authorized by the tenant), the Rental Deposit Smart Contract will
transfer BERRY tokens to the landlord’s wallet equal to the value of the damage claim,
with the payment being covered first by the tenant’s own contribution to the rental
deposit. Any amounts remaining after the damage claim has been paid will be allocated
by the Rental Deposit Smart Contract pro rata to those who have contributed to the
rental deposit.

Private data will be encrypted in the smart contract using a third-party privacy and identity
framework. This will enable data to be kept private and held in a privacy law compliant
manner.

Copyright 2017 @ Rentberry, Inc.
support@rentberry.com

28

Mobile app wallet
provides biometric

Transfer BERRY

checks linked to private
key / wallet security

Public
Ethereum
BERRY

Blockchain

Tenant Wallet

Landlord Wallet

ERC-20/223
Contract

User private key

Insurer Wallet

drives identity and
platform

Interledger token transfer

transactions (to be

protocol / network

combined at a later
stage with public
Accounting token drives

Private Ethereum Blockchain /
Sidechain / Channels

BERRY

public token movement

ERC-20 token
wallet)

ERC-20/223
Contract

Rentberry Wallet
Business logic
smart contracts

Application

Rental

Deposit

Deposit

Contract

Contract

Private / Sidechain
solution migrate to

Rent

full public

Payment

blockchain if/when

Contract

scaling permits

Tenant

Insurer

Identity

Identity

Landlord
Identity

Contract

Contract

Contract

Identity contract
contains proof of
identity, attestations
by third parties, and

Identity

reputation record,

Contract

proof of biometric
authentication

29

Generic admin console for viewing data in

Private key stored in local app storage or

smart contracts, and viewing blockchain

hardware secure enclave. Data can be

history (explorer), managing users.

encrypted / decrypted using client key.

Web

Mobile Device

Biometrics
Verification

Blockchain Explorer UI

UI

Wallet

Wallet

ID Document Capture
React Native

OS agnostic

Browser

Biometric Capture
Wrapper

Native App

views

Service

native app
Biometrics

Native OS (iOS, Android)

Verification
Service

Blockchain Explorer

RESTful JSON / HTTPS

Privacy Cache stores read only

API

decrypted data from blockchain
events. Used for fast data
search / lookup

Reporting / Analytics

Client App

Privacy Cache (Redis)

Privacy Framework

Server / Node Private Key

Docker

Data privacy in smart contracts is
Privacy

managed by privacy framework

Container
Management

(including a privacy server), with some
privacy and permission enforcing
libraries / components residing in
smart contracts

Smart

Entity

Entity

Contracts
New nodes created using
Entity

Entity

Other nodes

environment creation
scripts to create and
auto-configure docker

Ledger (Ethereum Parity)

containers preloaded with
required components.

Data can be encrypted /

Private key recovery

Optimised development

Generic admin console service side

decrypted using client key

procedure (2FA),

tools for smart contract / UI

application for viewing / creating /

and stored in Privacy Cache

hardware key storage

applications, includes

modifying data in smart contracts,

contracts server.

viewing blockchain history (explorer),
managing users.

Docker Container

Nodes Hosted on Premise or in Cloud

30

5. Team and Progress
23

150

20

dedicated people

years of combined

years of combined

experience

blockchain experience

5.1 Team

Alex Lubinsky
CEO
Former investment banking executive and
UC Berkeley graduate who founded and
sold several companies. Real estate owner
and successful entrepreneur responsible
for defining Rentberry’s vision.

Eugene Terentev

David Sviatozhevsky

Eugene Kurasov

Alex Svityashchuk

Nadia Sidko

Blockchain Developer

Blockchain Developer

Backend Developer

Backend Developer

Frontend Developer

31

Alexander Vilko

Anton Kazanov

Kostyantin Horozhanov

Denys Mykhailyshen

Denis Golubovskiy

Frontend Developer

Frontend Developer

Frontend Developer

Frontend Developer

CTO

Dmytro Denysenko

Max Zabarylo

July Yakimova

Lily Ostapchuk

Victor Zubkov

Android Developer

QA Engineer

QA Engineer

CPO

Project Manager

Alex Humeniuk

Alex Kotovskov

Liza Repko

Stas Babaev

Alyona Blakytna

SEO Engineer

Product Designer

Visual Designer

UI/UX Designer

Business Development

Alex Tkachenko

Kate Fisenko

Creative Writer

Sales

32

5.2 Our Track Record

$4M

Successfully
Raised

Prior to our Token Sale, we have already successfully raised $4 million in two seed
rounds from highly respected angel and institutional investors, including from

The UK, Switzerland, Germany,
France, New Zealand, Australia,
China, Canada, USA, Poland,
Qatar

33

5.3 Prominent Investors

JadeValue (CashBUS)

808 Ventures

Zing Capital

Beechwood Ventures

Brian Nelson

VC Fund - China

VC Fund - Australia

VC Fund - Canada

VC Fund - USA

Co-President
Nelson Brothers Property
Management

Patrick Frost

Trevor Bond

Paolo Zapparoli

Matthew Russell

Gregory Lee

CEO

Co-chair

President

Executive Director

President

The Swiss Life Group

HBS Alumni Angels

92 Ventures

Braas Monier Building

Nokia Technologies

Group

Marie Ebersbacher

Beat Neukom

Ryan Sullivan

Kevin Pshebniski

Lee Leslie

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

CEO

CEO

Executive VP

CBIZ

Merz Group

Intensity

Hopewell Development

Ten-X Real Estate

Leslie Bai

Milorad Andjelic

Aaron James Deer

Carolyn Taylor

Matthew Cottis

President

Partner

Managing Director

President

Partner

Siemic Corporation

Abris Capital

Sandler O'Neill + Partners

Weatherly Asset

Hogan Lovells LLP

Management

34

5.4 Advisors
Our team has some of the best advisors in the real estate, legal and finance industries. And
we’re proud to say that certain of our advisors have actually invested in Rentberry themselves.

Roy Malkin

Glen Reed

Andrew Barlow

Bijal Shah

Max Tappeiner

President

Partner

Managing Director

Principal

VP of Operations

Venture Aviator

King & Spalding

Venturian

WP Global Partners

Las Vegas Sands Corp.

Michael Fernandez

Maulik Bhagat

Michael Koran

Trevor Richards

Raj Nair

CEO

Managing Director

Founder

CTO

VP of Technology

Factory 360

AArete Consulting

Primary Residential

Lightwell Corporation

Ericsson

Mortgage

Ayesha Rahman

Derek Schueren

Marco Rossi

Edward Levin

William Robinson

Senior VP

Managing Director

VP Sales & Marketing

Partner

Head of Patent Team

Savantage Solutions

Recommind

Siemens

Pegasus Capital

Lookout

35

5.5 Status Quo & Timeline
“In 2017 Rentberry launched nationwide. In 2018 our
goal is to become an international platform.”
Status of Rentberry as of October 2017
•

Driven by a talented team of developers, designers, marketing, cryptography and
security experts, as well as bankers and accountants to lay the base for exponential
growth;

•

We have developed, and have been operating, a functional, web-based rental platform
where many rental associated activities (such as applying for an apartment and paying
rent) can be done in one place. Rentberry’s Auctioning Technology allows for a
transparent application process where future tenants can compete fairly and ask for
discounts, depending on market conditions. Our plan is to move this platform to a
blockchain environment, and add additional functionality that is made possible through
blockchain and smart contract technology;

•

We are leveraging a rapidly growing global cryptocurrency user base of 3 million users
and the user base in the traditional “banked” world. Additionally, there are millions of
potential users that are currently “unbanked”;

•

Prior to our Token Sale, we have already successfully raised $4 million in two seed
rounds from highly respected angel and institutional investors, including from the UK,
Switzerland, Germany, France, New Zealand, Australia, China, Canada, USA, Poland,
and Qatar;

•

We are backed by highly experienced investors such as 808 Ventures, Beechwood
Ventures, Zing Capital, Brian Nelson (founder & co-president of Nelson Brothers –
managed over $240 million in real estate assets), JadeValue (VC arm of CashBus – a
leading microloan company in China), Patrick Frost (CEO of The Swiss Life Group – the
36

largest insurance company of Switzerland), Kevin Pshebniski (CEO of Hopewell
Development – a leading commercial real estate developer in Canada) and many
others to guide us on our journey;
•

We have excellent industry support – established partnership with Move Inc. (owner of
realtor.com), Coinfirm and HelloSign. Member of NARPM (National Association of
Residential Property Managers) and NAA (National Apartment Association);

•

Won Blockchain Best Industry Application Award at Global Fintech & Blockchain China
Summit.

37

Timeline
2015
May 2015
Idea inception and market analysis state. Interviewed more
than 1,000 landlords and tenants.

August 2015
Rentberry officially incorporated in Delaware, USA.
Development of the platform and blockchain technology
started.

September 2015
First funding (part of the first round) of $350,000 received
from Principal of The Carlyle Group and CEO of Synergo

2016

Private Equity.

June 2016
Beta version of the platform released.

July 2016
Successfully raised the first round of $1.2 million USD.

October 2016
Invited to Y Combinator interview.

2017
April 2017
Rentberry became the first closed-loop rental platform with a

May 2017

transparent application technology in the U.S. Thousands of

Received business offers from Australia, New Zealand, the

users joined the platform overnight.

UK, Cyprus and Canada to franchise / partner regarding our
core technology.

August 2017
Successfully raised second round of $2.8 million USD.

September 2017

Institutional investors (808 Ventures, Beechwood Ventures,

Hired RedBrick IP – San Francisco leading intellectual

Zing Capital and JadeValue joined the round).

property attorneys to patent the core technology.

October 2017

December 5th 2017

Invited as keynote speaker to top crypto and blockchain

9:00 New York Time (EST)

events around the world, including: Block-Con, Money 2020,
CoinAgenda Global, BlockShow by Cointelegraph and many
others. Rentberry won the Blockchain Best Industry
Application Award at the Global Fintech & Blockchain China
Summit.

Commencement of Token Sale.
Commencement of Rentberry Token Pre-Sale.
February 28th 2018
23:59 New York Time (EST)
Closing of Token Sale (subject to possible extensions).

38

6. Token Launch
Rentberry partnered with Cryptonomos to perform the Token Sale and therefore will be using
their book building platform in order to manage the Token Sale (including the KYC process).
To participate in the Token Sale, prospective purchasers will need to visit ico.rentberry.com
where they will be required to register for the Cryptonomos book building portal. Once
successfully registered, buyers will be able to purchase BERRY tokens using Ethereuum or
Bitcoin. Token buyers will be purchasing BERRY tokens to be used within the Rentberry
platform, as mentioned above.
Users must list an ERC-20 compatible wallet such as My Ethereum Wallet in order to receive
their BERRY tokens which will be distributed after the purchase. Users may also be required
to provide additional information and documentation to verify their identity as part of
Rentberry’s KYC process, as described on ico.rentberry.com. Rentberry reserves the right to
reject a potential BERRY token purchaser.

Official Website
ico.rentberry.com

6.1 Token Sale Overview
The Rentberry Token Sale will take place on December 5th 2017 9:00 New York Time (EST)
and will conclude on the earlier of (1) February 28th 2018 23:59 New York Time (EST) (the
“Closing Date”); or (ii) until the amount of contributions received reaches $30 million USD
provided that Rentberry may extend the Closing Date, in its sole discretion, up to 3 times with
each extension being 30 days (the “Token Sale End Date”). If on the Closing Date or on the
last occasion that Rentberry extends the Closing Date (as the case may be), Rentberry has not
received a minimum of $3 million USD in contributions, this will result in contributions being
returned to contributors.

39

The minimum purchase amount shall be 0.1 ETH / 250 BERRY Tokens

1 ETH

=

2,500 BERRY

The exact number of BERRY Tokens to be received by a contributor will depend on what day
of the Token Sale the contribution is made, as determined by the BERRY Token allocation
mechanism below:
December 5th 2017 09:00 New York Time (EST) – December 19th 2017 23:59 New York Time
(EST) 1 ETH = 2,500 BERRY + 33% Bonus
December 20th 2017 00:00 New York Time (EST) – January 16th 2018 23:59 New York Time
(EST) 1 ETH = 2,500 BERRY + 27% Bonus
January 17th 2018 00:00 New York Time (EST) – February 28th 2018 23:59 New York Time
(EST) 1 ETH = 2,500 BERRY + 25% Bonus

6.2 Bonus for Large Purchasers
Purchasers who commit to purchase a large amount of BERRY Tokens during the Sale Period,
will be eligible for the optional extra bonus (“Private Sale”). All such bonuses will be discussed
individually with each potential buyer.

6.3 Token Sale Structure
•

Instrument: BERRY;

•

Hard Cap: Equivalent of $30 million USD;

•

Soft Cap (Minimum Raise): If less than the equivalent of $3 million USD in proceeds
have been received by the Token Sale End Date (the “Minimum Raise”), then all funds
raised will be returned to participants (less any applicable transaction costs). Any
refunds due to failure to meet the Minimum Raise will be refunded within a reasonable

40

period of time from the end the Token Sale End Date;
•

Total Supply: Initially 400 million BERRY tokens are allocated to the Token Sale. The
final amount will depend on the bonuses that would be applied to the token sale. All
unsold tokens will be burned.

Vesting
The vesting schedule for each participating group is as follows:
•

Large Volume Purchasers (i.e., those who purchase BERRY tokens valued a total of
3,000 ETH or more in a single transaction): 6 months vesting period, 16.67% vesting
each month, with a 3-month cliff;

•

Rentberry Employees: 4 years, linear vesting.

6.3.1 Token Sale Procedure and Allocation
To participate in the Token Sale,
token buyers will pay in the
following currencies:

Ethereum (ETH)

Bitcoin (BTC)

The tokens will be delivered to the participants of the Token Sale after the Token Sale End
Date. Transferability of the tokens is governed by the applicable vesting period, if any.
The breakdown of token allocation is as follows:
•

70% of BERRY tokens to be allocated to the Token Sale;

•

20% of BERRY tokens to be created will be part of the Rentberry Reserve and will be
retained by Rentberry, as described below;

•

10% of BERRY tokens to be created will be distributed to Rentberry’s founders and
employees.

Rentberry is committed to a transparent token sale process and will notify the public of the
total amount of BERRY tokens in circulation after the completion of the Token Sale. Rentberry
41

will not create any new BERRY tokens after the Token Sale.

6.3.2 Rentberry Reserve
As described above, Rentberry will use the BERRY tokens in the Rentberry Reserve for future
distributions, performing real estate community initiatives and offering inside-platform
promotions (e.g., gifts and bonuses for landlords and tenants for taking certain actions or
reaching certain milestones).
The Rentberry Reserve may not be intentionally distributed to employees and is the sole
property of Rentberry.

6.4 Budget Allocation Overview
It is important for Rentberry that the community understands how the funds from the Token
Sale will be spent. The pie-charts below illustrate how the proceeds from sale of the BERRY
tokens will be allocated after the conclusion of the Token Sale.
30% IT Development
20% Marketing and Sales
15% Acquisitions and Partnerships
12.5% International Expansion
10% Admin and Operations
5% Development Fund
5% Legal
2.5% Bug Bounty Program
•

IT Development: The proprietary technology for which we are applying for a patent will
be the backbone for an efficient apartment rental process. The next-generation rental
procedure will reduce bureaucratic challenges and will seek to eliminate the need for
brokers or agents. Rentberry plans to continuously support and introduce new features,
user interfaces, and language support for Web, iOS and Android;
42

•

IT Development: The proprietary technology for which we are applying for a patent will
be the backbone for an efficient apartment rental process. The next-generation rental
procedure will reduce bureaucratic challenges and will seek to eliminate the need for
brokers or agents. Rentberry plans to continuously support and introduce new features,
user interfaces, and language support for Web, iOS and Android;

•

Marketing and Sales: Rentberry will continue to run its marketing efforts on a lean,
cost-efficient basis, and keep user acquisition costs to one of the lowest in the industry.
Please refer to the ‘Expansion & Marketing Strategy’ section below for more details;

•

Acquisitions and Partnerships: Our team plans to make acquisitions of real estate
technology companies in order to boost our expansion and get access to industryrelevant data and intellectual property;

•

International Expansion: In order to expand successfully, our team will need to
integrate with third-party service providers in different countries. Such integration will
allow us to perform a variety of services, including checking local credit scores,
performing tenant screenings and landlord verifications, and e-signing rental
agreements. Integration will make it easier for us to enter new markets and gain
traction much faster;

•

Administration and Operations: Rentberry is running a lean, cost-effective start-up and
plans to continue to do so in the future. However, to compete in the blockchain
ecosystem at the highest levels, we will need funds for accounting and administrative
activities;

•

Development Fund: A small portion of the funds will be dedicated for strategic
partnerships to enhance Rentberry’s revenue stream. This could be done, for example,
in the form of co-branding and co-marketing initiatives with other companies;

•

Legal: One of our primary focuses when starting this company in mid-2015 was to
establish a solid legal foundation for Rentberry. That is why Rentberry is now engaged
with some of the best legal teams, including Latham & Watkins LLP (general corporate
counsel) and RedBrick IP (intellectual property and patent lawyers);

43

•

Bug Bounty Program: Our goal is to make sure our platform will adhere to the highest
security standards and have a minimal number of bugs. Even though we currently have
a team of 23 people (the team will surely increase with our expansion), we do
understand that it is crucial to reward the public for helping us build a platform with as
few flaws as possible.

6.5 Risks to Participating in the Token Sale
Although there are many reasons to be optimistic about Rentberry’s prospects, participants in
the Token Sale should keep in mind potential risks of participation. Those risks are set forth in
the Token Sale Terms & Conditions.

44

7. Expansion & Marketing Strategy
7.1 Expansion Plan
“Building an innovative suite of screening and risk
management services designed for the long-term
rental industry.”
We plan to expand internationally by partnering with other companies in the real estate space,
acquiring competitors, and doing extensive marketing. The marketing channels include the
traditional press/publications, social media channels (Twitter, Facebook, Instagram), opinion
influencers, real estate conferences, and word of mouth.
Rentberry is already well known internationally and has been covered by news publications in
various countries. We plan to expand our partnerships with local credit bureaus, banks,
insurance companies, property managers, and real estate companies around the world. Our
team has already established relationships with many such companies in the EU, Asia,
Australia and New Zealand.
Following is an illustration of the platform’s possible growth. Please note that all numbers are
only projections based on our current estimates.

45

2018

2019

2020

Users

4 million

15 million

50 million

Listed Properties

1 million

6 million

20 million

Rental Applications

0.5 million

4 million

15 million

$100 million

$300 million

$1billion +

N. America (US, Canada)

Asia (all countries)

Global

Oceania (Australia, New

Europe (all countries)

Zealand)

S. America

Asia (China, Korea,

Africa

Processed

Crowdsourced Rental
Deposits

Markets

Japan)
Europe (the UK,
Germany, France)

Key Services

Transparent Rental

Proprietary International

Tokenized Utility Bills

Application and Auction

Tenant and Landlord

Payments

Process

Scores

Tokenized Platform/Rent

API for Third-Party

Payments

Service Providers

Crowdsourced Rental

Partnership with local

Deposits and Rewards

credit bureaus and real

Integration

estate companies

Smart-Lock Technology

46

Disclaimer: These projections are forward-looking, are subject to significant business,
economic, regulatory and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are
beyond the control of Rentberry and its management, and are based upon assumptions with
respect to future decisions, which are subject to change. Actual results will vary and those
variations may be material. For discussion of some of the important factors that could cause
these variations, please consult Section 6.5 “Risks to Participating in the Token Sale” of this
whitepaper and in particular, the Token Sale terms and conditions. Nothing in this whitepaper
should be regarded as a representation by any person that these objectives will be achieved
and Rentberry undertakes no duty to update its objectives as circumstances change.
THIS WHITEPAPER SETS FORTH A DESCRIPTION OF THE PLANNED RENTBERRY PLATFORM
AND THE USE OF BERRY TOKENS. THIS IS BEING PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL
PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT. BERRY TOKEN SALES WILL
BE GOVERNED BY THE TOKEN PURCHASE AGREEMENT AVAILABLE AT
ICO.RENTBERRY.COM. IN THE EVENT OF A CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TOKEN PURCHASE
AGREEMENT AND THIS WHITEPAPER, THE TOKEN PURCHASE AGREEMENT GOVERNS.
THIS WHITEPAPER IS NOT AN OFFERING DOCUMENT OR PROSPECTUS, AND IS NOT
INTENDED TO PROVIDE THE BASIS OF ANY INVESTMENT DECISION OR CONTRACT.

47

7.2 30-Month Roadmap
“Rentberry already has a product that is used by
thousands. Now we want millions of people from all
around the world to have the opportunity to use it.”

2018
February 28th 2018
23:59 New York Time (EST)
End of the Token Sale.

1H 2018
• Finalization and integration of Blockchain technology in
application/auction process;
• Release of iOS and Android apps;
• Expansion to Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and the UK.

2H 2018
• Offer ability to make rent payments in BERRY tokens;
• Establish crowdsourced rental deposit network that offers
ability to save on rental deposits and generate rewards;

2019

• Expansion to China, Korea, Japan, Germany and France;

1H 2019

• File patents in other countries.

• Finalize development of artificial intelligence algorithms and
start offering users our internationally valid Tenant and
Landlord scores;
• Expansion to the rest of Europe and Asia;
• Initiation of Multi-Language Support.

2H 2019
• Offer API integration to local third-party service providers
(individual / corporate accounts);
• Partnership with local credit bureaus and real estate

2020

companies;

1H 2020

• API integration with all Multiple Listing Services (MLS) in the

• Start offering ability to pay local utility bills in BERRY tokens

U.S;

via the platform;

• Expansion to South America and Africa.

• Development of blockchain smart lock technology.

48

Conclusion
We are convinced that the long-term rental space is the next industry to be disrupted by
blockchain technology, and our entire team believes that blockchain and smart contracts will
play a crucial part in this upcoming disruption. Rentberry’s goal is to enable both landlords and
tenants to enjoy a fully decentralized rental experience that includes open and transparent
application processes, crowdsourced rental deposit networks, instant rent payments, and
internationally valid tenant and landlord scores. In addition, we envision the platform
eliminating the need for agents or brokers, thereby helping landlords and tenants save
millions of dollars in the long run.
The biggest thank you goes to the blockchain community. Without the impressive foundation
that’s been built over the last 8 years, we wouldn’t be working on our new-generation rental
platform today. We also want to thank everyone who has contributed to the creation of this
whitepaper. Our developers, designers, marketing team, and everyone else who is not
directly mentioned in this document. And, of course, we would like to thank our seed round
investors who believed in our team and entrusted Rentberry with $4 million.

49

Legal Disclaimer
As of the date of publication of this whitepaper, BERRY Tokens have no known potential uses
outside of the Rentberry platform ecosystem and are not permitted to be sold or otherwise
traded on third-party exchanges. This whitepaper does not constitute advice nor a
recommendation by Rentberry, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors
or consultants, or any other person to any recipient of this document on the merits of the
participation in the Token Sale. Participation in the Token Sale carries substantial risk and may
involve special risks that could lead to a loss of all or a substantial portion of such an
investment. Do not participate in the Token Sale unless you are prepared to lose the entire
amount you allocated to purchasing BERRY Tokens. BERRY Tokens should not be acquired for
speculative or investment purposes with the expectation of making a profit or immediate resale. No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to BERRY
Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no
guarantee that BERRY Tokens will hold any particular value. Unless prospective participants
fully understand and accept the nature of Rentberry and the potential risks inherent in BERRY
Tokens, they should not participate in the Token Sale. BERRY Tokens are not being structured
or sold as securities. BERRY Tokens are not participation in Rentberry and BERRY Tokens hold
no rights in Rentberry. BERRY Tokens are sold as a functional good and all proceeds received
by Rentberry may be spent freely by Rentberry, absent any conditions set out in this
whitepaper. This whitepaper is not a prospectus or disclosure document and is not an offer to
sell, nor the solicitation of any offer to buy any investment or financial instrument in any
jurisdiction and should not be treated or relied upon as one. This whitepaper is for information
only. Written authorisation is required for distribution of any or all parts contained herein.
All information here that is forward looking is speculative in nature and may change in
response to numerous outside forces, including technological innovations, regulatory factors,
and/or currency fluctuations, including but not limited to the market value of cryptocurrencies.

50

This whitepaper is for information purposes only and is subject to change. Rentberry cannot
guarantee the accuracy of the statements made or conclusions reached in this document.
Rentberry does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether
express or implied by statute or otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to:
•

any representations or warranties relating to merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, suitability, wage, title or non-infringement;

•

that the contents of this document are accurate and free from any errors; and

•

that such contents do not infringe any third party rights. Rentberry shall have no liability
for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to or reliance on the contents
of this document, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

This whitepaper includes references to third party data and industry publications. Rentberry
believes that this industry data is accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are
reasonable; however, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of this data.
Third party sources generally state the information contained therein has been obtained from
sources believed to be reliable; however, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or
completeness of included information. Although the data are believed to be reliable,
Rentberry has not independently verified any of the data from third party sources referred to in
this whitepaper or ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon by such sources.
Please note that Rentberry is in the process of undertaking a legal and regulatory analysis of
the functionality of its BERRY Tokens. Following the conclusion of this analysis, Rentberry may
decide to amend the intended functionality of its BERRY Tokens in order to ensure compliance
with any legal or regulatory requirements to which we are subject. In the event that Rentberry
decide to amend the intended functionality of its BERRY Tokens, Rentberry will update the
relevant contents of this whitepaper and upload the latest version of this to its website.
Any BERRY Tokens could be impacted by regulatory action, including potential restrictions on
the ownership, use, or possession of such tokens. Regulators or other circumstances may

51

demand that the mechanics of the BERRY Tokens be altered, all or in part. Rentberry may
revise mechanics to comply with regulatory requirements or other governmental or business
obligations. Nevertheless, Rentberry believe they have taken all commercially reasonable
steps to ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and in compliance with currently
considered regulations.

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This whitepaper contains forward-looking statements or information (collectively “forwardlooking statements”) that relate to Rentberry’s current expectations and views of future events.
In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such
as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “seek”, “believe”,
“potential”, “continue”, “is/are likely to” or the negative of these terms, or other similar
expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Rentberry has based these
forward-looking statements on its current expectations and projections about future events
and financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations,
business strategy, financial needs, or the results of the Token Sale or the value or price
stability of the BERRY Tokens.
In addition to statements relating to the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forwardlooking statements related to Rentberry’s proposed operating model. The model speaks to its
objectives only, and is not a forecast, projection or prediction of future results of operations.
Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made by
Rentberry in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and
expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate, and are subject to
risks and uncertainties. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this whitepaper
are based upon what Rentberry believes are reasonable assumptions, these risks,
uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors could cause Rentberry’s actual results,
performance, achievements, and experience to differ materially from its expectations

52

expressed, implied, or perceived in forward-looking statements. Given such risks, prospective
participants in a Token Sale should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to those identified in the Token
Sale terms and conditions. These are not a definitive list of all factors associated with a making
a contribution to Rentberry, in connection with its operations.
Rentberry undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events
or circumstances after the date of this whitepaper.
The Company’s business is subject to various laws and regulations in the countries where it
operates or intends to operate. There is a risk that certain activities of the Company may be
deemed in violation of any such law or regulation. Penalties for any such potential violation
would be unknown. Additionally, changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving
interpretations of existing law could, in certain circumstances, result in increased compliance
costs or capital expenditures, which could affect Rentberry’s profitability, or impede
Rentberry’s ability to carry on the business model and the BERRY Tokens model proposed in
this whitepaper.

53

Source Material
1. Florida, Richard, “The Steady Rise of Renting,” CityLab, 2016, retrieved 5 September 2017
from
https://www.citylab.com/equity/2016/02/the-rise-of-renting-in-the-us/462948/.
2. Eurostat Statistics Explained, “Housing Statistics,” 2017, retrieved 5 September 2017 from
http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/Housing_statistics.
3. MSCI, “Real Estate Market Size 2016,” MSCI, INC., 2016, retrieved 5 September 2017
https://www.msci.com/www/research-paper/real-estate-market-size-2016/0183961169.
4. UN Department of Public Information, “Trends in International Migrant Stock: The 2015
Revision”, United Nations, 2015, retrieved 5 September 2017 from http://www.un.org/
sustainabledevelopment/blog/2016/01/244-million-international-migrants-living- abroadworldwide-new-un-statistics-reveal/.
5. Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University, “America’s Rental Housing:
Expanding Options for Diverse and Growing Demand,” 2015, retrieved 5 September 2017 from
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/
americas_rental_housing_2015_web.pdf.
6. Goodman, L., Pendall, R. and Zhu, J., “Housing and Housing Finance,”The Urban Institute,
2015, retrieved 5 September 2017 from
https://www.urban.org/urban-wire/lower-homeownership-rate-new-normal.
7. The Global Findex Database 2014 | World Bank, 2015
http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/187761468179367706/pdf/WPS7255.pdf#page=3.

54

8. Global Wealth Report | Allianz, 2014
https://www.allianz.com/v_1411376219000/media/economic_research/publications/specials/
en/AGWR14e.pdf.
9. Global Real Estate Market Outlook | CBRE 2017
https://www.cbre.com/research-and-reports/2017-Global-RE-Market-Outlook.
10. Property Index Overview of European Residential Markets| Deloitte, 2017
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/cz/Documents/survey/
Property_Index_2016_EN.pdf.
11. Emerging Trends in Real Estate | PwC, 2017
https://www.pwc.com/us/en/asset-management/real-estate/emerging-trends-in-realestate.html.
12. Real Estate Expansion lives on | KPMG, 2017
https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/ie/pdf/2017/02/ie-real-estate-expansion-liveson.pdf.
13. UK Housing Market Prospects Spring 2017 | BNP Paribas, 2017
https://www.realestate.bnpparibas.co.uk/bnppre/en/research/residential-report-spring-2017p_1648843.html.
14. Demographic Yearbook Population, Censuses’ Datasets | United Nations | 1995 - Present
https://unstats.un.org/unsd/demographic/products/dyb/dybcensusdata.htm.
15. Principles and Recommendations for Population and Housing Censuses Revision 2 | United
Nations, 2008
https://unstats.un.org/unsd/demographic/sources/census/docs/P&R_Rev2.pdf.

55

16. Private households by Household Type, Measurement, Country and Year | United Nations
Economic Commission for Europe, 2011
http://w3.unece.org/PXWeb/en/.
17. American Housing Survey (AHS) conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau
https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/ahs.html.
18. Estimates of the Total Housing Inventory for the United States: 2015 and 2016 | U.S. Census
Bureau
https://www.census.gov/housing/hvs/files/annual16/ann16t_11.xlsx.
19. Vacant For-Rent Units, by Selected Characteristic for the United States | U.S. Census
Bureau
https://www.census.gov/housing/hvs/files/annual16/ann16t_12.xlsx.
20. China Statistical Yearbook | National Bureau of Statistics of China, 2016
http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/ndsj/2016/indexch.htm.
21. Census of India Population Enumeration
http://www.censusindia.gov.in/2011census/population_enumeration.html.
22. Population by Age Group and Relationship to Head of Household, Indonesia, 2010
http://sp2010.bps.go.id/index.php/site/tabel?tid=265.
23. Deutschland Census Database | Federal Statistical Office of Germany
https://ergebnisse.zensus2011.de/?locale=en#StaticContent:00,GWZ_4_3_0,m,table.
24. Population and Housing Census | Bangladesh 2011
https://web.archive.org/web/20140728231735/http://203.112.218.66/WebTestApplication/
userfiles/Image/Census2011/Bangladesh_glance.pdf.
56

25. Population and Household Estimates for England and Wales | Office for National Statistics,
2011
https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/
populationestimates/bulletins/
2011censuspopulationandhouseholdestimatesforenglandandwales/2012-07-16.
26. Estimates of Households and Dwellings in Scotland | National Records of Scotland, 2016
https://www.nrscotland.gov.uk/statistics-and-data/statistics/statistics-by-theme/households/
household-estimates/2016.
27. The population and household estimates | Northern Ireland Statistics and Research
Agency, 2011
https://www.nisra.gov.uk/statistics/2011-census/results/population-and-household-estimates.
28. Censo, National Institute of Statistics and Census of Argentina, 2010
https://web.archive.org/web/20120418015632/http://www.censo2010.indec.gov.ar/
resultadosdefinitivos_totalpais.asp.
29. Census, Central Bureau of Statistics, Nepal, 2011
https://sites.google.com/site/nepalcensus/home/preliminary-result-2011.
30. Demographic Properties, Israel Central Bureau of Statistics
http://www.cbs.gov.il/reader/?MIval=cw_usr_view_SHTML&ID=312.
31. Average Savings Account Interest Rates for 2017: Compared Across Banks
https://www.valuepenguin.com/average-savings-account-interest-rates.

57

