White paper Overview
Revision: 9
Date: November 19th, 2015
By Sergio Demian Lerner

RSK White paper overview

Introduction
Why RSK is important for the Bitcoin Ecosystem?
Alignment of Bitcoin Stakeholders and protection of value
Governance model
Protection of Bitcoin Miner's Investment
Securing the Bitcoin / RSK 2-way peg
Lower Bitcoin transactions fees and stable value asset issuing
Bitcoin Security hardening
RSK as a low-cost BTC payment network
RSK Use Cases
Micropayment channels and Hub-and-Spoke networks
Peer-to-peer distributed exchange
Retail Payment Systems
Escrow Services
Crypto-assets Creation
Asset Securitization
Decentralized remittances
IP Protection / Registry
Voting System
Micro-lending
Supply Chain Traceability
Online Reputation & Digital Identity
In-game Global Currency
Internet-gambling and Prediction Markets
Fair-playing
Technology Overview
Turing-Complete virtual Machine
Sidechain
Semi-Trust-Free Sidechains
Dynamic Hybrid Merged mining/Federation
Fast payments and low-latency-network
RSK Feature comparison
Instant Payments Technology preview
DECOR+ Protocol
The block propagation protocol
Two Stage Block Propagation (2SBP)
Push Missing Transactions protocol (PMT)
Delayed Transaction Inclusion heuristic (DTI)
Immediate Block Header Propagation (IBHP)
Two Prioritized Streams for each Connection protocol (2PSC)
Mining on Unverified Blocks Heuristic (MUB)
Local Route Optimization Protocol (LRO)
Re-using the Bitcoin Mining Network
The real topology of the network
The PoW function Verification Time
Client Networking Stack
The Block Overhead
Simulations
Safe Merged mining
Transaction Privacy
Security

Page 2/23

RSK White paper overview

Scalability
Probabilistic Verification and Fraud Proofs
Conclusions

Page 3/23

RSK White paper overview

Page 4/23

Introduction
In 2008 Satoshi Nakamoto revolutionized payments by creating Bitcoin. Bitcoin included
a very limited implementation of the so-called “smart contracts”, a concept introduced
back in 1993 by Nick Szabo.
Since then, a lot of research has been dedicated to the creation of new cryptocurrencies
that support full Turing complete distributed programs. Now there is a widespread
confidence that useful, secure and deterministic virtual machines can be built to
achieve this goal.
We believe that new use cases are necessary in order for Bitcoin to become the leading
global cryptocurrency, and that adding smart-contract capabilities is key to secure that
future. With that in mind we created RSK, a smart-contract platform that incorporates a
Turing Complete Virtual Machine to Bitcoin. It also provides other enhancement to the
network such as faster transactions and better scalability, features that we also believe
will enable new usage scenarios.
RSK is an evolution of QixCoin, a turing-complete cryptocurrency created back in 2013
by the same development team. RSK provides an improved payment experience with
near instant confirmations. It achieves currently 300 tps and confirms most payments in
less than 20 seconds. And yet, is still based on the same security guarantees Bitcoin has,
supporting SHA-256D merged mining.
RSK works as a Bitcoin Sidechain. When Bitcoins are transferred into the RSK blockchain,
they become “SmartBitcoins” (SBTC). SmartBitcoins are equivalent to bitcoins living in
the RSK blockchain, and they can be transferred back to Bitcoins at any time at no
additional cost (except for standard RSK transaction fees). SBTC is the base currency
used on the RSK sidechain to pay miners for transaction and contract processing. There
is no currency issuance: all SBTC are created from Bitcoins coming from the Bitcoin
blockchain.
RSK enhances Bitcoin in the following areas:
• Turing-complete RSK Virtual Machine (RVM) allowing smart-contracts
• Average first confirmation of transactions in 10 seconds
• Safe merged mining combining PoW with backup threshold-signature based
federation mining
• Embedded low-delay fast relay backbone into peer-to-peer gossip network.
• Two-way pegging using sidechains (currently a federated peg, fully automatic peg
subject to Bitcoin improvements)

Acronyms: “RSK” refers to the Rootstock (the platform), related terms are “RSK
protocol” (the specification) and “RSK reference node” (the reference implementation),
the native RSK currency is the “SmartBitcoin”, and “SBTC” is the symbol of the

RSK White paper overview

Page 5/23

SmartBitcoin currency, “BTC” refers to the Bitcoin currency and “Bitcoin” refers to the
Bitcoin protocol.

Why RSK is important for the Bitcoin Ecosystem?
Alignment of Bitcoin Stakeholders and protection of value
RSK governance's primary goal is to align the main stakeholders of Bitcoin by creating
rewards that are fully aligned with their current activities.
This philosophy is directly reflected in its core architecture where Bitcoin miners provide
the hashing power required for the proof-of-work block validations, industry leaders
(Exchanges, Wallets and Payment Processors) integrate the Federation that creates
validation checkpoints and sign the redeem transactions of the 2-way peg.
On top of that RSK decides improvements to its platform based on a voting system where
Miners, Industry Leaders, Bitcoin / RSK holders and core developers take the final
decision.
In the following paragraphs we describe how this incentives play along.
Governance model
Each player in the community has the know-how to serve best the community:
exchanges and web-wallets know how to protect Bitcoin savings, miners know how to
realize large scale mining operations to secure user’s transactions, Blockhain companies
innovate in new use cases and makes dreams come true, core developers have the
technical expertise to known how to tackle the technical challenges to come, node
maintainers provide the infrastructure and network connectivity, and users are the heart
of the system, providing trust and liquidity.
RSK governance model aims to represent all actors of the community, by providing a
board of governance consisting in 5 seats. Miners will be able to vote with hashing
power (1 vote), Bitcoin and RSK users will vote with proof-of-stake (1 vote), Exchanges
and web-wallets will vote though the Federation (1 vote), RSK and Bitcoin Core
developers will have a special threshold voting system (1 vote), and the last vote will be
offered to a non-profit established Bitcoin institution, such as the Bitcoin Foundation,
that can represent the broader ecosystem. Also an institutional vote could be offered to
the Ethereum Foundation, if it is representative of the Ethereum community.
Protection of Bitcoin Miner's Investment
In August 2016 Bitcoin mining profitability margin will fall to less than 50% due to the
decreasing block reward from 25 BTC to 12.5 BTC. Hundreds of millions of mining
hardware will become instantaneously obsolete. This probably includes all mining
machines in the market today, since two generations of chips (faster and with lower
power consumption) will be developed and sold before 2017. Almost all current miners
that have not replaced their hardware will see the end of their mining business. RSK,
thanks to its merged mining capabilities, brings the opportunity to these miners to keep

RSK White paper overview

Page 6/23

on business at least four more years. Since Bitcoin merge-miners can mine both coins
with zero marginal cost, miners will still be able to mine Bitcoin as long as the additional
income provided by RSK mining compensates the profitability gap.
Additionally the reduction in mining profitability by the Halving will create additional
concentration in the low cost miners which will increase Bitcoin's network vulnerability.
Hence, RSK could also play a key role in promoting a broad base of profitable miners
increasing the security and value of Bitcoin.
Also by starting today at a minimum cost, and creating applications for RSK, Bitcoin
miners may not only protect their investment, but develop a whole new business
opportunity.
Securing the Bitcoin / RSK 2-way peg
Leading Bitcoin companies will integrate a Federation that will play the fundamental
role of securing the transfer of funds between the Bitcoin and RSK blockchains. In
exchange for that they will profit from the fees generated by the settlement between
the inflow and outflow of funds.
Lower Bitcoin transactions fees and stable value asset issuing
Current Bitcoin holders and prospective users have seen their usage of the monetary
system confined to certain use cases (i.e: investment, global payment network) mainly
due to bitcoin price volatility but this constraint might worsen in the future due to a
potential increase in transaction fees on the next Bitcoin halving.
RSK brings a solution to this by offering almost instant transaction validation (20
seconds) and asset issuing with prices pegged to that of a fiat currency or other stable
commodity. Lowering volatility exposure in transactions while keeping bitcoin as a
reserve currency increases overall bitcoin value.
Bitcoin Security hardening
On the next Bitcoin reward halving, hundreds of millions on dollars in obsolete mining
hardware will be sold cheaply privately or online. This will open a window of
vulnerability giving an attacker the possibility to buy a huge amount of hashing power
for very little money and execute a 51% attack. Also the decrease in security may affect
the perceived value of the coin. By increasing the profitability of Bitcoin mining with
RSK merged mining, the Bitcoin network may prevent the hash rate to plummet.

RSK White paper overview

Page 7/23

RSK as a low-cost BTC payment network
If Bitcoin block size is not increased via a hard-fork, when the next Bitcoin reward
halves, Bitcoin transaction fees may become prohibitively high for certain applications.
As RSK blocks can hold many more transactions than Bitcoin blocks, RSK will naturally
offer lower fees. See next section for an analysis of future scenarios regarding
transaction fees.
The future of Bitcoin and its transactions fees is unclear: currently, contentious
proposals on changes in the maximum block size will have a high impact in future
transaction fees. In the following table we attempt to predict future scenarios and
compare RSK and Bitcoin under reasonable assumptions on growth and forks.
Parameter

Bitcoin

RSK

Confirmation time with comparable 10 minutes
security under Satoshi equivalence

10 seconds

Minimum confirmation time for a
reversal probability of 0.1%

20 minutes (2 blocks)

30 seconds (3 blocks)

Max. Transactions per second

3.3 tps
(assuming an average size tx)

300 tps at launch
Scalable to 1000 tps

Current average cost for users for a
standard transaction

6 cents
Assuming:
- 1.5 tps

Market price not available

Current cost for miners to include a 1 cent
<1 cent (estimated)
standard transaction
Assuming:
Assuming:
- Using the fast relay network
- No RSK specific hardware
- UTXO in memory
switching.
- 1 ms processing time per tx.
- Almost no RSK transactions
- 25.2 BTC average block
reward
1 cent (estimated)
- Interrupting a miner to load
5 cent
new header loses 10 ms of
Assuming:
processing time
- Using standard relay network
Transaction fees by end of 2016

1.6 USD
Assuming:
- block size is not increased
- BTC/USD rate unchanged
- Same level of security
- 3 tps

1 cent (estimated)
Assuming:
- 3 tps

Is important to note from the above chart that transaction fees estimations are based on
the unproven fact that the BTC price will remain at approximately 240 BTC/USD during
2016. If the price increases ten-fold during this period, then also will the transaction
fees, rendering Bitcoin Blockchain viable as an inter-banking clearing system, but not a
payment network. Also is important to note that off-chain payment systems can emerge,
providing cheaper payments, but at the same time centralizing the network, and
changing its decentralized nature.

RSK White paper overview

Page 8/23

The following table shows possible future scenarios by the end of 2016, assuming that
network hashing difficulty increases at the same ratio as BTC price:

Scenario

Bitcoin cost of tx to miners

RSK cost of tx to miners

16 USD

2 cents

TPS increases 10x via hard-fork

11 cents

0.2 cents

BTC price and TPS increase 10x

1.1 USD

2 cents

Bitcoin price increases 10x

As the cost of including a Bitcoin transaction increases, users will switch to platforms
with lower transaction costs, such as RSK.

RSK White paper overview

Page 9/23

RSK Use Cases
The RSK platform provides Turing-complete smart contracts as proposed by Nick Szabo in
1993. At the same time, RSK’s VM is backward compatible with Ethereum VM, hence RSK
gives the opportunity to developers working on Ethereum to benefit from the robustness
of the Bitcoin Blockchain. Below we present a list of potential smart contracts and use
cases that can be developed over RSK.
Micropayment channels and Hub-and-Spoke networks
Micropayment channels allow two parties to make secure regular low valued payments
without paying fees for each payment, but only one time when the channel is closed.
Hub-and-Spoke networks allow mutually untrusted users to make low-cost one time
payments indirectly using payment channels to and from a third party with minimal
trust. The RSK allows Hub-and-spoke networks to be implemented directly with minimal
hassle and interfacing natively with standard e-wallets.
Peer-to-peer distributed exchange
Using TierNolan's protocol RSK supports contracts that act as peer-to-peer exchanges.
Automatic matching in an order book can also be easily created. This allows distributed
markets over independent block-chains, exchanging crypto-assets without third parties.
Retail Payment Systems
RSK allows BTC to be adopted globally for every-day retail transactions. One of Bitcoin
main limitations for retail use is its confirmation time (from 10 minutes to 1 hour to
ensure irreversibility). RSK allows consumers to benefit from Bitcoin security with
confirmations in just a few seconds. Merchants will be able to accept payments
instantaneously without requiring third party gateways. Another key element that any
platform should have to succeed in the retail market is to be able to support a large
amount of transaction per second (tps). The RSK network, using the DÉCOR+ protocol,
allows to process over the Bitcoin Blockchain up to 300 tps (twice as much as Paypal)
Escrow Services
RSK allows the creation of smart escrow services where oracles sign (or not) a
transactions defining whether it should be executed (or not) without having any contact
with the funds under escrow.
Crypto-assets Creation
RSK allows the creation of crypto-assets (or altcoins) secured by the Bitcoin network.
Given RSK’s flexibility to price the contract’s fuel these application (as all others) could
be used from students to banks and corporations.
Asset Securitization
RSK also allows the creation of digital tokens backed by real assets. This could be use to

RSK White paper overview

Page 10/23

digitally commercialize REITs, shares, issue debt or any other asset (or future proceed).
This particular use case will provide a unique solution to those small businesses in the
developing countries where the traditional financial markets do now fulfill the demand
for working capital or capital to grow.
Decentralized remittances
This particular use case is especially important in developing economies where the
unbanked/undocumented population has to pay usury fees to send money to their
families for food and shelter.
IP Protection / Registry
RSK allows the development of contracts that can replicate what is known as Proof-ofExistence which allows individuals and companies alike to proof the existence of a
certain document (or property right) at any given point in time with the security of the
Bitcoin Blockchain. This use case could be particularly important in societies in Latin
America, Africa and Asia with unreliable land registration mechanisms.
Voting System
As a particular case of crypto-asset, RSK allows the creation of digital votes that allow
extremely secure and transparent elections at a minimum cost.
Micro-lending
Over 50% of the global population does not have access to the traditional financial
system. This lack of access to credit is a direct cause to the economic inequality that
our global society faces nowadays. RSK allows the development of scalable digital microlending contracts that could provide access to credit to the 3 billion poorest inhabitants
of the world.
Supply Chain Traceability
RSK also allows the creation of digital wallets to track and trace (digitally) the physical
location of a certain product or batch. This type of contract could be particularly useful
in the retail, food and healthcare industries among others. As all the other use cases, by
using RSK this could be achieved with the security of the Bitcoin Blockchain at a
minimum cost.
Online Reputation & Digital Identity
One of the main problems of the developing world is the lack of documentation and IDs
for the poor. This prevents the poor from voting, accessing healthcare, reporting crimes
/ abuses and accessing financial aid. RSK allows the creation of digital global registries
as secure as the Bitcoin Blockchain at extremely low cost.
In-game Global Currency
Many multi-player games have in-game economies, including private currencies. As these
games evolve, virtual currencies become as valuable to users as fiat money, and are

RSK White paper overview

Page 11/23

often traded on secondary markets. Inflation, cheating, and online theft become user
concerns. Also the game company may face legal and security hurdles having users
virtual money in consignment. As the world becomes global, so will virtual games, and
players will feel discomfort that money earned in one game cannot be easily spent in
another game. RSK can solve these problems by allowing games to accept BTC (in
equivalent RSK coins) for their in-game payments, or create a private digital asset that
is protected by RSK. RSK payments can be as fast as closed-loop systems for low
denominations, so game engines can use RSK as the in-game purchase system, for
player-to-player trading and for company-to-player virtual offerings. By just clicking on
an URL or scanning a QR code, trading can be triggered using the standard player's
external e-wallet software, and also paying commissions to the gaming company.
Internet-gambling and Prediction Markets
Fast payments also means fast payouts. Bitcoin gambling sites such as SatoshiDice have
managed to provide no-registration fast betting experience using 0-confirmations and
chained transactions, but at a security risk for the gambling site. RSK allows betting with
near instant payouts having block confirmation.
Fair-playing
By incorporating smart-contracts, and in conjunction with well-studied cryptographic
protocols such as Mental Poker, RSK is able to provide an open and fair platform for card
playing without the requirement for a trusted third party taking a rake.
These are just a few examples among many others that could be developed and
programmed over the RSK platform using the underlying Bitcoin technology. It is
important to mention that the Bitcoin miners (via merge mining) are going to be the
ones running these contracts and benefiting from the vast majority of the fuel consumed
to run those contracts.

RSK White paper overview

Page 12/23

Technology Overview
RSK platform is, at its core, the combination of:
● A Turing-complete resource-accounted deterministic virtual machine (for smart
contracts)
● A two-way pegged Bitcoin sidechain (for BTC denominated trade)
● A dynamic hybrid merge-mining/federated consensus protocol (for consensus
security), and a low-latency network (for fast payments).
Turing-Complete virtual Machine
RSK virtual machine (RVM) is the core of the Smart-contract platform. Smart-contracts
are executed in parallel by a high-percentage of the network nodes. The result of the
execution of a smart-contract can be the processing of inter-contract messages, creating
monetary transactions and changing the state of contracts persistent memory. The RVM
op-code level compatible with EVM, to allow Ethereum contracts to run flawlessly on
RSK. In the first release, the VM is executed by interpretation. For the next release, it is
planned to emulate EVM by dynamically retargeting EVM opcodes to a subset of Java-like
bytecode, and a security-hardened and memory restricted Java-like VM will become the
new VM (RVM2). This will bring RSK code execution to a performance close to native
code.
Main

features:

• Independent VM, but compatible with EVM at the opcode level.
• RSK provides Ethereum users the possibility to run their projects with the security
of
the
Bitcoin
network.
• New opcodes for fast int32 arithmetic and better just-in-time compilation
(planned), for greater performance.
Sidechain
A sidechain is an independent blockchain whose native currency is pegged to the value
of another blockchain currency automatically by using proofs of payment. There is a
two-way peg when two currencies can be exchanged freely, automatically, and without
incurring in a price negotiation. In RSK, the SmartBitcoin (SBTC) is two-way pegged to
the BTC (more precisely, a Rootoshi, the minimum unit of account in RSK, is pegged to a
Satoshi, the minimum unit of account in Bitcoin).
In practice, when BTC are exchanged for RTS, no currency is “transferred” between
blockchains in a single transaction because Bitcoin cannot verify the authenticity of
balances on another blockchain. When a transfer occurs, some BTC are locked in Bitcoin
and the same amount of SBTC is unlocked in RSK. When SBTC needs to be converted
back into BTC, the SBTC get locked again in RSK and the same amount of BTC are
unlocked in Bitcoin.

RSK White paper overview

Page 13/23

Semi-Trust-Free Sidechains
Fully trusted and third-party-free two-way pegs can be created using smart-contracts on
both platforms. But since Bitcoin does not currently support smart-contracts nor native
opcodes to validate external SPV proofs, part of the two-way pegging system in RSK
requires trust on a set of a semi-trusted third-parties (STTP). No single STTP can control
the locked BTCs, but only a majority of them has the ability to release BTC funds. The
STTPs temporarily store the BTC that are locked, and unlocks BTC to pay Bitcoin users
SBTC are locked in RSK to be transferred back to Bitcoin.
In RSK the STTPs that protect the locked funds are precisely the members of the
Federation. This is because the Federation incentives are highly aligned with the STTPs:
they must be well-respected community actors, such as universities, and they must also
have the technical ability to maintain a secure network node. The locking and unlocking
of funds is done by this secure network nodes without any human intervention.
Therefore a requirement for being part of the Federation is the ability to audit the
proper behaviour of the software that powers the node, specially regarding the
correctness of the component that decides on releasing BTC funds. We plan to create
tamper proof hardware that will enforce the Federated validation algorithm to further
improve security.
Once Bitcoin adds special opcodes or extensibility to validate SPV proofs as a hard-fork,
and once the new system is proved secure and trust-free, the Federation role as STTPs
will no longer be necessary, and the RSK team will implement the changes to adapt RSK
to the trust-free system.
Dynamic Hybrid Merged mining/Federation
We believe that PoW is the only consensus system that prevents the re-write of
blockchain history at low cost. All other consensus systems that do not consume a
valuable resource for mining have this drawback, and rely on reputation, and prevent
anonymous participation in mining. All other consensus systems require new users to
trust in a set of parties to find an authenticated checkpoint of the ledger.
High rate PoW consensus based on periodic blocks with low orphan waste requires
miners to stop their hardware miners and restart them to mine on new header midstates each time a new block is solved by the network. This result in mining time gaps,
or greater network latencies for mid-state switching, on average. These gaps reduce the
efficiency of Bitcoin mining even if they consume a few milliseconds. Therefore RSK uses
the DECOR+ block reward sharing scheme to reduce competition and allow miners late
switch to the RSK best block. If miners switch their hardware each time a RSK block is
found, they compete for a full RSK block reward. If they late switch, and keep mining
past block tips, they create uncles and and earn a share of the block reward. In none of
these cases they are fully orphaned, as DECOR+ pays a reward to uncles and the GHOST
rule counts uncles as normal blocks and secures the best chain. The efficiency of BTC
mining is therefore maximized.
As we expect a period where RSK hashing power will be below 50% of the total BTC
hashing power. This would leave the network vulnerable to a 51% attack where the
remaining hashing power outperforms the existing RSK hashing power to double-spend.

RSK White paper overview

Page 14/23

To prevent such situation RSK includes federated checkpoints for PoW mined blocks.
Federated checkpoints are signed by the Federation members and clients can use the
the majority of the signatures to better decide which is the best chain. Also RSK has a
last-resort protocol where if mining power goes below 5% of Bitcoin hashing power, the
Federation is able to create signed blocks. By default, clients stop using federated
checkpoints when if Roostock hashing power is over 66% of the maximum BTC hashing
difficulty observed in the best chain and the fees paid in a block is higher or equal to the
average reward of a bitcoin block.
The RSK platform will be launched with a federation of well-known and community
respected members. Each member is identified by a public key for the checkpoint
signature scheme. The federation is be able to add or remove members using and
embedding voting system, although these actions would require a high percentage of the
member votes.
The aim of RSK founders is that the RSK network will incentivize merge-mining. However
RSK is robust to merge-mining shortage as the Federation is automatically brought to
secure the network in the shortage case.
Main features:
•
•
•
•

1-day maturity for mining reward.
Federated members checkpoints
Code embedded checkpoints during bootstrapping period.
No loss of efficiency in Bitcoin mining expected from merge mining (less than 0.1%
for immediate mid-state switching and 0% for late switching)

Fast payments and low-latency-network
RSK aims to be a better payment network. To achieve fast payments, several solutions
have been developed:
-

Use of competition-free block selection (e.g. Hyperledger, Ripple, closed-loop
systems)
Use of hub-and-spoke networks (e.g. Bitcoin lightning network)
Use of high PoW block rates

Hub-and-spoke networks add new centralization nodes, and require a complete
adaptation of client wallets to a new, completely different payment model. Although so
this alternative can be easily implemented on RSK, is not the native system for fast
payments. RSK adopts the DECOR+ and FastBlock5 protocols, which allow reaching a 10
seconds average block rate that does not create incentives for mining centralization, is
selfish-mining free and incentive compatible.
Main features:
•
•
•
•

10 seconds block interval
Two stage block propagation (2SBP) protocol
Push Missing Transactions (PMT) protocol
Full network propagation of last competing blocks to prevent selfish mining and
reduce stale block rate.

RSK White paper overview

Page 15/23

• Delayed Transaction Inclusion heuristic (DTI). Transactions are delayed 5 seconds
on each miner’s block transaction queue to allow the fastest possible block
verification, because transactions are already present in the pools of every node
of the network.
• New network command to spread block headers with time critical priority.
• New network command to spread block transactions hash list immediately after
block header propagates.
• Mining on Unverified Blocks Heuristic (MUB). Mining over block headers with
unverified transactions with a 5 seconds fallback.
• Block headers are flagged when they have no transactions (except for coinbase)
• Two Prioritized Streams for each Connection protocol (2PSC). New message
transport layer with message-slicing allowing two parallel sessions with distinct
priority. This allows block headers to be sent over the high priority session and
interrupt whatever message was being transmitted over the low priority session.
• Local Route Optimization Protocol (LRO). Local optimal block routing based on
peer priorities. Local optimal transaction routing based on peer priorities
• DECOR+ protocol for reward sharing between competing blocks.
• GHOST protocol for chain weighting.

RSK White paper overview

Page 16/23

RSK Feature comparison
We attempt to compare RSK with other blockchains, and we show that essentially RSK
present better technical choices without eroding decentralization, where
decentralization is measured as the inverse of the cost of running a full-node instance.
Item
Average
Confirmation Time

Bitcoin
10 min.

Ethereum
12 sec
(GHOST)

Factom
1 min.
(Federated
servers )
~30%

Counterparty
10 min.

RSK
10 sec.
(DECOR+GHOST)

Security
threshold
(due
to
selfish
mining)
Turing
complete
Smart-Contracts
Adds
value
to
Bitcoin
Integration
with
Bitcoin
Scalability
via
Probabilistic
Verification
and
fraud proofs
SPV clients
Block
relay
backbone
Native support for
user-defined access
structures
Native support for
user-defined
signature schemes
Easy
Hardware
wallet Integration
Security guarantee

~30%

between
30% and 50%

~30%

50%
(DECOR+GHOST)

No

Yes

Yes

Planned

Yes

-

No

No

No

-

No

No

No

Overlay
protocol
No

Overlay
protocol
No

Yes
(merge-mined)
Sidechain

Yes
Yes

Yes
No

No
Yes

No
Yes

Yes
Yes

Yes

No

Yes

No

Yes

No

No

No

No

Yes

No

Yes

No

No

Yes

SHA256D
miners

Ethash
miners

SHA256D
miners

SHA256D
mergeminers + federation

Confidential
Transactions

No

Via contract

No

Unique transaction
ID
Scalability [tps]
Native token

No
(malleab.)
3 to 24
BTC

Yes

SHA256D
miners
+
federation
Via
external
program
No

No

Native
support
Planned
using
AppeCoin protocol
Yes

unbounded
ETH

unbounded
FACTOID

3 to 24
XCP

300 at launch
BTC via two-way peg

Yes

RSK White paper overview

Page 17/23

Instant Payments Technology preview
Since the creation of Bitcoin there has been a race towards lower intervals for PoW
block-chain based cryptocurrencies. First there was Bitcoin with a 10 minute interval,
then was LiteCoin using a 2.5 interval, then was DogeCoin with 1 minute, QuarkCoin with
30 seconds, and Ethereum with 12 seconds. Every new cryptocurrency lowers it a little
bit, but very few designers actually know what the implications of doing so are. To
understand how the block interval impacts the stability and capability of the
cryptocurrency network, several factors must be taken into account. First of all, the
most important factor that affects the viability of short confirmation intervals is the
number of stale blocks generated. Two other factors mainly affect the stale block rate:
the block propagation protocol and the block propagation time from the top miners to
the top miners. For RSK we've carefully analyzed these factors and run simulations in
order to verify the performance, usability and security of the network. In this section
we'll review the new protocols RSK use to reduce the stale block rate.
DECOR+ Protocol
In Bitcoin, when two or more miners have solved blocks at equal height, there is a clear
conflict of interests. Each competing miner wants his block to be selected by the
remaining miners as the best-chain tip, while the remaining miners generally would not
mind which one is chosen. However, all the remaining honest miners and users would
prefer that all of them choose the same block tip, because this reduces the natural
reversal probability. The ideal solution would incentivize the miners in conflict to
choose the same parent also, and DECOR+ sets the right economic incentives for a
convergent choice, without requiring further interaction between miners. DECOR+, a is
reward sharing strategy that incentivizes economically resolving the conflict such that:
1. The conflict is resolved deterministically when all parties have access to the same
block-chain state information.
2. The chosen resolution is the one that maximizes all miners revenue, both for
miners in conflict and for the rest.
3. Resolving the conflict takes negligible time.
The block propagation protocol
Bitcoin and Ethereum forward each block by packing the block header with all the
transactions contained in the block. This strategy, while being the most easy to analyze,
is known to perform badly both regarding block propagation latency and bandwidth
usage, which is doubled. Bitcoin miners partially solved this problem using the Fast
Relay Network: this is a centralized backbone that relays blocks in a compressed form,
and it is maintained by a single user. RSK was born with a Fast Relay Network embedded
into the network protocol, and the low latency properties emerge from the network
topology and do not require centralization.

RSK White paper overview

Page 18/23

Two Stage Block Propagation (2SBP)
RSK blocks are sent in two stages: in the first stage only the block header is sent. In the
second stage the list of hashes of transactions included in the block is sent. Using 2SBP
the channel capacity is doubled, allowing more transactions to be stored in each block.
After each node has received the block header and the transaction hash list associated
with the block header, the node attempts to reconstruct the block in order to fully
verify it.
Push Missing Transactions protocol (PMT)
Since each node stores the hashes of the transactions advertised by its peers, the miner
also sends immediately the transactions included in the block that he knows are missing
in each peer’s pool. This eliminates completely the need of a second interaction to
request additional transactions. Sending the missing transactions before they are asked
by a peer is a third phase of the 2SBP protocol.
Delayed Transaction Inclusion heuristic (DTI)
Miners only include transactions that have been received before a few of seconds back.
This assures with high probability that does transactions will have already been received
by peers before the block is mined. Note that delaying transactions is a miner best
interest since it reduces the block verification time and so decreases the chances of
competing blocks. This optimization is not required when Mining on Unverified Blocks
Heuristic (MUB) is in effect in the network.
Immediate Block Header Propagation (IBHP)
When a block header of an up-to-date block is received, nodes will forward the block
header before checking the transactions or the validity of the block, and only checking
the block PoW and height at forward time. This allows the header to spread over the
network in less than a second.
Two Prioritized Streams for each Connection protocol (2PSC)
Each network connection comprises two logical bidirectional streams with two different
priorities. The high priority stream is used to send the block header immediately even if
a lower priority message is being send on the low-priority stream.
Mining on Unverified Blocks Heuristic (MUB)
Nodes can then start mining an empty block on top of the header even if the
transactions are still missing, during a fixed interval. After that interval, they resume
mining in whatever block they were mining before. These empty blocks reduce the
effective bandwidth and block-chain storage usage, but simulations show that if DBI is

RSK White paper overview

Page 19/23

used, the number of empty blocks generated, and the space required for storing the
empty blocks and the reduction in TPS is low.
Local Route Optimization Protocol (LRO)
To reduce the number of stale blocks is important to reduce the inter-miner transfer
latency. RSK network is dynamically optimized to reduce the inter-miner latency and to
prioritize traffic between miners. In other words, RSK embeds a fast relay network in
the peer network, enhancing the gossip protocol with geolocation and optimal local
routes. The inter-miner block forwarding path is a critical path for block propagation
and so is of extreme importance to the peer network. The existence of non-miner
network nodes in the peer network in the critical path tend to increase the rate of stale
blocks. Non miner-nodes (such as end-users or monitoring nodes) in the critical path can
only serve the miners only as weak anonymization hops. To create the critical paths
from only local node decisions, a prioritization of nodes is done using the LRO protocol.
This protocol creates a dynamic embedding of a directed acyclic graph (DAC) into the
random topology of the RSK network, where this DAC optimally connect the miners.
Re-using the Bitcoin Mining Network
A concentrated mining network, having large mining pools, tend to generate much less
state blocks than a complete distributed mining topology. Therefore, regarding fast
payments, cryptocoins based on SHA-256D PoW have an advantage over non ASICfriendly PoW based cryptocoins.
The real topology of the network
Bitcoin design assumes the network is similar to a random graph, having a certain
average out-degree and in-degree. While this is far from true in reality, network nodes
take local decisions to avoid forming geographical clusters (at least for the out-bound
connections). This is not the best topology to help block propagation. The best topology
for block propagation is one that serves the top miners better, by encouraging direct
connections between them or by routing blocks faster between them. Also a direct
miner-to-miner backbone can help to decrease notably the number of stale blocks. This
has been proposed for Bitcoin to increase resilience from attacks. RSK uses the LRO
heuristics to establish a dynamic miner's backbone, without incurring in the cost of
miner-to-miner authentication, miner's privacy, disclosure of IP addresses and possibly
associated DoS attacks.
The PoW function Verification Time
SHA-256 is very fast to evaluate and so the Bitcoin PoW verification time is negligible. A
scrypt PoW, on the contrary, may take from 3 to 30 milliseconds to evaluate depending
on the parameters chosen (GPU or ASIC “resistance”). To protect the network from
spamming and DoS attacks, each node needs to verify the block PoW before forwarding
the block header again, so the verification delay gets multiplied by the number of hops
in the block critical path between miners.

RSK White paper overview

Page 20/23

Client Networking Stack
Once a node receives a block header the best it can do to reduce the creation of stale
blocks in the network is to forward it as soon as possible. This means that all other node
activity should be paused or stopped. RSK design allows low-priority operations to be
immediately canceled and accept re-tries. To allow immediate forwarding, the client
networking stack does not block the client in transaction verification procedures or
other housekeeping activities, such as chain re-organizations. This is achieved by a RSK
client that is allows multi-threading and dynamically assign thread priorities to boost the
thread that has received the block header.
The Block Overhead
Block headers in most cryptocurrencies are small (~100 bytes) so the header size
(compared to the whole block size) does not pose a significant overhead. The RSK
header is larger, but the block header overhead does have a noticeable negative impact
on the propagation time, since low-level network MTU is generally 1500 bytes, which is
above the block header size.
Simulations
We've simulated the block propagation using a discrete event simulation built
specifically for this purpose. The simulator simulates the interaction between a small set
of top-miners, each one in a random graph where the hop distance between them is
near the average distance between nodes in the network. Even if this is not the worst
case, since it is the best interest for top-miners to be well-connected, we assume miners
perform not worse than the average. The simulated events are the creation of a block in
one of locations and the propagation of the block to each of the other miner locations.
The following results show the simulation RSK with a 5 block interval and 300 TPS
(currently the block interval is 10 seconds). The key simulation result is that a
transaction is accepted with probability 99.98% (reversal probability of 0.02%) before
20.35 seconds have elapsed. Note that this reversal probability does not take into
account that the replacement fork may also contain the removed transaction, so in
practice it may be much lower.
Safe Merged mining
Merge mining is a technique that allows Bitcoin miners to mine simultaneously other
cryptocurrencies with near zero marginal cost. The same mining infrastructure and setup
they use to mine Bitcoins is reused to mine RSK simultaneously. This means that, as RSK
pays additional transaction fees, the incentive for merged mining is high. But it also
means that the cost to attack the network using pump-and-dump or parallel chains is
below the cost of attacking non-merged cryptocurrencies. RSK has several protections to
prevent attacks during the initial bootstrapping phase:

RSK White paper overview

Page 21/23

● Federated checkpoints: RSK clients expects checkpoints signed by the Federation
members. The Federation will include exchanges and other highly secure parties
involved in the success of the platform. Nodes use federated checkpoints to
detect Sybil attacks and inform the user.
● Mined coins maturity: each miner coin has a 24 hours maturity time, slightly
higher than in Bitcoin. The increase of coin maturity time reduces the incentives
for
pump-and-dump
attacks.
● Checkpoints embedded in the source code

Transaction Privacy
RSK does not provide by itself better transaction privacy than Bitcoin and relies on
pseudonyms. Nevertheless, the VM of RSK is Turing-complete, , so anonymization
technologies such as CoinJoin or AppeCoin can be implemented securely without third
party trust.

Security
Merged mining has not been widely used by alt-coins because during the initial
cryptocurrency bootstrap period it allows large Bitcoin mining-pools to disrupt the new
cryptocurrencies with 51% attacks. RSK implements federated checkpoints as a safe way
to bootstrap the platform and notably reduce this risk. Also RSK will be launched with a
minimum hashing power equivalent to 30% of the Bitcoin hashing power. The RSK
Foundation will monitor the network health and will use its alert system to inform users
and protect the network from rollback attacks.

Scalability
RSK can scale far beyond Bitcoin in its current state. A RSK payment requires a fifth of
the size of a standard Bitcoin payment, and the block payload per time interval is 8
times higher than in Bitcoin. Also RSK will provide several user-selectable signature
schemes: ECDSA, Schnorr and Ed25519. The last one being in general several times more
performant than Bitcoin ECDSA curve.
All things equal, RSK consumes on average 50% less bandwidth than Bitcoin, since blocks
do not contain transaction data, but only references to previously known transactions.
Storage and Bandwidth usage can be further reduced using probabilistic verification and
fraud proofs.
Probabilistic Verification and Fraud Proofs
The cost of owning a full node is the main factor that affects the degree of
centralization of a cryptocurrency. The higher the cost, the highest the centralization.
We believe however that the maximalist position on decentralization implies that the
cryptocurrency cannot become a global payment network. Both goals are in

RSK White paper overview

Page 22/23

contradiction. Bitcoin already provides a highly decentralized network as the block chain
size limit is sufficiently low to ensure most individual users can take part. This allows
RSK sidechain to increase scalability beyond Bitcoin while having Bitcoin network as a
guard against centralization of the control of the currency.
We believe that a tradeoff between third party trust, network nodes trust and selfverification is possible, and we invite users to find the ratio they are comfortable with.
In RSK platform allows nodes to store and validate a subset of the full block-chain, in
order to reduce the node cost. This is done by probabilistic verification and fraud
proofs. Probabilistic verification is a technique where a (partial) node chooses randomly
which blocks it will verify, and accepts the remaining blocks as good as long as some
conditions are met: some time has elapsed, some confirmation blocks have been added,
the network connectivity is adequate, there was no valid fraud proof broadcast and
optionally some authoritative checkpoints have been broadcast. Fraud proofs are blocks
that are flagged as “fraudulent”. When a node receives a fraud proof it checks if a block
with the same height has been locally accepted (but not validated) and if so it validates
the block. If it is invalid, then the local best chain is reorganized accordingly. The cost
to broadcast a fraudulent fraud proof is high since fraud proofs also carry proof of work.
A node that receives a fraudulent fraud proof from a peer bans the cheating peer. If
necessary, nodes will request an initial proof of work from peers to prevent cheap DoS
using compromised IPs. Miners (both PoW and Federated) must be full-nodes, so an
attacker withholding block data (but broadcasting the header) does not affect the bestchain, as miners will rapidly discard the attackers block.

Conclusions
RSK represents the culmination of 4 years of blockchain technology improvements and it
will allow the cryptocurrency ecosystem to make use of the best features of
programmable money and payments while increasing bitcoin (the currency) value.

RSK White paper overview

Page 23/23

It will allow developers around the globe to create personal and corporate decentralized
solutions that run in the most secure network worldwide with low transaction cost that
fit an ample range of needs.
It will allow Bitcoin miners to participate in the Smart Contract market adding
significant value to the mining industry and ensuring its long term sustainability.
It will contribute to the creation of a broader base of miners strengthening Bitcoin
network's security.
It will enable the development of a decentralized, instant and inexpensive financial
system that will create inclusion and opportunities for three thousand million people
who remain unbanked and financially impaired in our world.
RSK Core Team

