Six Domain Chain
Technical Whitepaper

Draft for open community review and subject to change.

-1-

Table of Contents

Abstract........................................................................................... - 8 1. Background and Significance of this Project......................... - 14 1.1 Issues and Solutions for IoT Development.................... - 14 1.2 Application Analysis of Blockchain and IoT Combination- 17 2. SDChain’s Design Objectives and Applications...................... - 22 2.1 Concepts of Design and Construction Objectives..........- 22 2.2 Business Model and Application Scenarios................... - 23 2.3 DApp Practical Applications: Agricultural IoT............. - 24 3. SDChain’s Architecture and Technical Solutions.................... - 32 3.1 P2P Communication....................................................... - 34 3.2 Encryption Algorithm..................................................... - 35 3.3 Consensus Algorithm......................................................- 36 3.4 Smart Contract................................................................ - 38 3.5 Decentralised DApp........................................................- 39 3.6 Issuance of IoT digital assets..........................................- 41 3.7 Cross Chain Smart Contract Model................................- 41 4. Ecosystem Roadmap & Community Management Architecture- 43 4.1 SDChain’s Ecosystem Roadmap.................................... - 43 4.2 SDChain’s Ecosystem Business Model..........................- 44 4.3 SDChain's Community Management Architecture........ - 44 4.4 Foundation auditing........................................................ - 55 5. Roadmap................................................................................. - 55 6. Risk Warning.......................................................................... - 57 -

-2-

NOTICE
NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD
CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER
PROFESSIONAL ADVISER BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY
ACTIVITY

IN

CONNECTION

SIXDOMAINCHAIN

HEREWITH.

FOUNDATION

PTE.

NEITHER

LTD.

(THE

FOUNDATION), ANY OF THE PROJECT TEAM MEMBERS WHO
HAVE WORKED ON THE SDCHAIN PLATFORM (AS DEFINED
HEREIN)

OR

PROJECT

TO

DEVELOP

THE

SDCHAIN

PLATFORM IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER (THE SDCHAIN
TEAM) NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR
ANY KIND OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS
WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION
WITH

ACCESSING

THIS

WHITEPAPER,

MATERIALS

PRODUCED BY THE FOUNDATION, OR ACCESSING THE
WEBSITE

AT

HTTPS://SDCHAIN.IO/

OR

ANY

OTHER

MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.
All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation's objects,
including without limitation promoting the research, design and
development of, and advocacy for the combination of IOT

technology and developments in blockchain technology to
establish an efficient coordination mechanism between users and
-3-

objects in the physical world and digital asset resources, to create a
new infrastructure of all things in general, thereby promoting
efficiency and bringing benefits to various industries.
This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only
and does not constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of
securities, a solicitation for investment, or any offer to sell any product,
item or asset (whether digital or otherwise). The information herein
below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a
contractual relationship. There is no assurance as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or
undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information. Where this Whitepaper includes
information that has been obtained from third party sources, the
Foundation and/or the SDChain team have not independently verified
the accuracy or completion of such information.
This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation or the
SDChain team to sell any SDA (as defined herein) nor shall it or any
part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied
upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. Nothing
contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise,
representation or undertaking as to the future performance of the
SDChain Platform. The agreement between the Foundation (or its
affiliate) and you, in relation to any sale and purchase of SDA is to be
-4-

governed by only the separate terms and conditions of such agreement.
By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and
warrant to the Foundation, its affiliates and the SDChain team as
follows:
(a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that SDA may have no
value, there is no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for
SDA, and SDA is not for speculative investment;
(b) none of the Foundation, its affiliates, and/or the SDChain team
members shall be responsible for or liable for the value of SDA, the
transferability and/or liquidity of SDA and/or the availability of any
market for SDA through third parties or otherwise;
(c) in any decision to purchase any SDA, you have not relied on any
statement set out in this Whitepaper;
(d) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all
laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as
the case may be); and
(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to
purchase any SDA if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or
otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder of a geographic
area or country (i) in which access to or participation in the SDA
token sale or the SDChain Platform is prohibited by applicable law,
decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act, and/or (ii) where it is
likely that the sale of SDA would be construed as the sale of a
-5-

security (howsoever named) or investment product (including
without limitation the U.S., People's Republic of China and the
Republic of Korea).
The Foundation and the SDChain team do not and do not purport to
make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties or
undertaking to any entity or person. Prospective purchasers of SDA
should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties
(including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with
the SDA token sale, the Foundation and the SDChain team.
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion
only and is not legally binding. The agreement for sale and purchase of
SDA shall be governed by a separate Token Purchase Agreement
setting out the terms and conditions of such agreement (the Token
Purchase Agreement), which shall be separately provided to you or
made available at https://sdchain.io/ prior to the sale of any SDA. In the
event of any inconsistencies between the Token Purchase Agreement
and this Whitepaper, the Token Purchase Agreement shall prevail.
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press
releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that
may be made by the Foundation and/or the SDChain team may
constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding
intent, belief or current expectations with respect to market conditions,
business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and
-6-

risk management practices). You are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements given that these
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual future results to be materially different
from that described by such forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this
Whitepaper and the Foundation and the SDChain team expressly
disclaims any responsibility (whether express or implied) to release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events after
such date.
This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English
and in the event of conflict or ambiguity between the English language
version and translated versions of this Whitepaper, the English
language version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have read
and understood the English language version of this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or
disseminated in any way without the prior written consent of the
Foundation.

-7-

Abstract
Since the birth of Bitcoin, blockchain and cryptocurrencies have
been flourishing vigorously. However, most current blockchain projects
are still on the basic level of token issuance and exchange of virtual
information - there are very few digital assets which have real value to
be widely used to establish a practical business ecosystem. In other
words, especially there lacks an effective symbiotic mechanism
between the physical world and digital world. Future development of
the blockchain ecosystem inevitably requires mutually beneficial
situations of symbiosis between the physical and digital economy.
IoT (Internet of Things) will be a major connection of both the
physical world and also the digital world. On one hand, IoT can
establish an efficient coordination mechanism between users and
objects in the physical world, thus promoting efficiency and bringing
benefits to various industries, in addition to a new “Wisdom
Revolution”. On the other hand, with a potential size of tens of billion
possibilities and a high concurrency for transactions; IoT has the
potential to create huge, high-value and steady streams of digital asset
resources for blockchain. Meanwhile, this connection need of both
physical and digital worlds will promote the establishment of a value
system of digital assets and network credit, in order to achieve
multilateral prosperity of both digital and physical ecosystems. The
-8-

combination of IoT and blockchain will create a new infrastructure of
all things in general.
SixDomainChain Platform is the world's first decentralised public
blockchain ecosystem for data exchange that integrates international
standards of IoT Six-Domain Model and reference architecture
standards for distributed blockchain (SDChain Platform), which
would operate on its own native blockchain (SDChain).
The design of SDChain gives full consideration to IoT
characteristics and requirements of business ecosystem construction. In
specific fields like issuance of digital assets, management of users’
credits and identities, P2P communication, encryption algorithm,
consensus algorithm, smart contracts, cross-chain smart contract model,
market

consensus

incentives,

decentralised

DApp

(Distributed

Applications) and fast access to new businesses, SDChain optimises
current blockchain infrastructure in depth. By seamlessly implementing
the underlying SDChain blockchain infrastructure and IoT Application
ecosystem, the SDChain Platform will create a business ecosystem with
benign, rapid and sustainable development, enabling SDChain Platform
to have a coexistence of tokens, blockchain and industrial IoT. A
reliable blockchain ecosystem based on IoT digital assets will be
established, and an efficient way to realise the circulation and value
transformation of reliable digital assets will be formed as well. In this
manner, SDChain will become a global benchmark for the integration
-9-

of IoT and blockchain ecosystem.
Core Business of SDChain includes:
1）

Regarding application requirements of a specific industry, and
based on IoT Six-Domain Model reference architecture, SDChain
will enable the establishment of business ecosystem and DApps
thereon for agricultural IoT, industrial IoT, energy IoT and
applicable verticals. It will also provide issuance of digital assets
for different DApps, as well as services of credit identity
registration and management, data storage, verification and
inquiry on blockchain, smart contract setup, trigger and
automatic account division for various IoT users and equipment
subjects on SDChain. SDChain will ensure the consistency,
authenticity and non-manipulation of the data and establish ACM
(Asymmetric Credit Mechanism) between people and objects to
guarantee the safety, efficiency and value of data assets
interconnection.

2）

SDA (Six Domain Assets) is the native digital asset token to be
used on the SDChain Platform. SDA will be issued based on a
predetermined quota. SDA is intended to be utilised solely on the
SDChain Platform (when fully completed and deployed), as a
unit of exchange for consumption of services and payment for
transactions on the SDChain Platform, as well as the incentive
which will encourage participants to establish consensus for
- 10 -

digital assets on SDChain, thereby contributing and maintaining
the ecosystem on the SDChain Platform.
SDA does not in any way represent any shareholding,
participation, right, title, or interest in the Foundation, its
affiliates, or any other company, enterprise or undertaking, nor
will SDA entitle token holders to any promise of fees, revenue,
profits or investment returns, and are not intended to constitute
securities in Singapore or any relevant jurisdiction. SDA may
only be utilised on the SDChain Platform, and ownership of SDA
carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use
SDA as a means to enable usage of and interaction with the
SDChain Platform.
In particular, you understand and accept that SDA:
(a) is non-refundable cannot be exchanged for cash (or its
equivalent value in any other virtual currency) or any payment
obligation by the Foundation or any affiliate;
(b) does not represent or confer on you any right of any form with
respect to the Foundation (or any of its affiliates) or its
revenues or assets, including without limitation any right to
receive future revenue, shares, ownership right or stake, share
or security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation,
proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property), or
other financial or legal rights or equivalent rights, or
- 11 -

intellectual property rights or any other form of participation
in or relating to the SDChain Platform, the Foundation and/or
its service providers;
(c) is not intended to be a representation of money (including
electronic

money),

security,

commodity,

bond,

debt

instrument or any other kind of financial instrument or
investment;
(d) is not a loan to the Foundation or any of its affiliates, is not
intended to represent a debt owed by the Foundation or any of
its affiliates, and there is no expectation of profit; and
(e) does not provide you with any ownership or other interest in
the Foundation or any of its affiliates.
The contributions in the token sale will be held by the Foundation
(or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have no
economic or legal right over or beneficial interest in these
contributions or the assets of that entity after the token sale.
To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading SDA
does develop, it would be run and operated wholly independently
of the Foundation, the sale of SDA and the SDChain Platform.
The Foundation will not create such secondary markets nor will it
act as an exchange for SDA.
3）

Based on many encrypted blockchain digital assets resources on
the SDChain Platform, it is convenient to establish multilateral
- 12 -

cooperation with new business ecosystems, find potential venues
for co-operation, incubate innovative applications, and drive the
coordinated

development

of

IoT

technology,

artificial

intelligence innovations, IoT financial service innovations,
services of supply chain traceability, and other market service
innovations with high efficiency.

- 13 -

1. Background and Significance of this Project
1.1 Issues and Solutions for IoT Development
IoT is the information technology for the new generation, and its
value and significance has been widely recognised by the society.
Currently, the IoT industry has completed the initial phase of
development, with the groundwork for large-scale applications rapidly
laid, with the development of the entire industry at a critical point.
However, due to the complexity of IOT and its difficulty of integrating
with other industries, there remain challenges for implementing IoT, as
well as various security and privacy issues. Currently, the IoT industry
mainly focuses on infrastructure construction and localised innovations,
the great potential and value of integration with various industries has
not been explored in depth.
Specifically: First, IoT involves chips, modules, equipment,
network, platforms, applications, data and other parts of the chain, in
addition to complex technical fields. Market channels have not been
opened yet, therefore the transfer of value is very slow. Second, current
systems for interactions and cooperation among all types of users,
objects, conception control equipment, service platforms, regulation
platforms, third-party resources platforms, credit and value systems are
not mature; this increases the difficulty of IoT integration with various
industries. Third, most centralised IoT platforms for manufacturers and
- 14 -

services providers collect and analyze users’ data and control users’
devices without permission or authorisation from these users; such
situation poses a great threat to users’ own privacy and security.
In addition, due to the complexity of integration of IoT with
traditional industries, where the lack of market operation coupled with
closed business modes, the development of IoT is relatively slow. To
solve this issue, the first thing to do is to create a system framework
capable of integrating traditional industry with IoT. More importantly,
there is a need to ensure the legal identity of IoT devices as well as the
validity, authenticity, consistency, tamper-resistance of data, which will
determine whether IoT can be applied as a key part in areas such as
agricultural production, supply chain traceability services, finance and
insurance innovations.
The breakthrough solution for this issue would be a complete
integration of IoT system and a blockchain distributed ecosystem. On
one hand, based on the guidance provided by the “Six-Domain Model”
IoT framework standard (ISO/IEC 30141 DIS, GB/T33474-2016), it is
planned that an IoT operation service system would be set up on the
SDChain Platform, thus ensuring the effectiveness, and sustainability of
the system (as it shows in Figure 1). On the other hand, blockchain
technology is used as an underlying operation platform of this
decentralised ecosystem, which enables the construction of IoT credit
system and value system (as it shows in Figure 2).
- 15 -

Figure 1. Agricultural IoT Framework based on Six-Domain Model (Example)

Figure 2. The Framework of IoT and blockchain integration

IoT “Six-Domain Model” reference architecture systematically sorts
out correlational factors of complex IoT applications, makes analysis
- 16 -

from different angles, and sets up major rules regarding different
business functions. Specifically, it sets up rules for six main areas as
follows: IoT User Domain (definition of user and demand), Target
Domain (ensuring the correlation with “objects”), Sensing Control
Domain (setting up schemes for sensing and control, namely correlation
between different “objects”), Service Domain (processing original and
semi-original data for corresponding users), Operation and Governance
Domain (managing security, reliability, stability and precision from
both technical level and system level), and Resources Exchange
Domain (establishing a closed loop IoT business model by achieving
sharing and exchange between single IoT application system and
external system of information and resources from the market).
Furthermore, these domains will be connected to one another by the
business logic of this network, therefore forming an individual IoT
industrial ecosystem. A single industrial IoT ecosystem can then form a
new collaborative system with other industries by their respective
domains of resources exchanged.
1.2 Application Analysis of Blockchain and IoT Combination
By applying blockchain technology to the device’s identity
permission management, smart contract mechanism, data security,
privacy protection and data resources transaction mechanisms, there
have been many breakthroughs so far. This will support integration with
- 17 -

other users of IoT, as well as various financial and insurance resources
available on the network. By doing so, it will reshape online and offline
open value system and credit system, which may further expand the
space of IoT add-on services and industry in general. IoT will play
important roles in fields of agriculture, industry, medicine, health,
environment protection, transportation, security, finance, insurance,
object traceability, supply chain, smart city, and others. As a result, a
big transition from general information on the Internet to value
information on IoT may be achieved.
Experiments into the application of blockchain technology to IoT
have started around 2015. Currently some domestic and international
corporations and research institutions have looked into this field, and
have applied blockchain technology into many sub-fields of IoT.
For example, the Bluemix project (October 2016) has incorporated
blockchain services based on IoT with a blockchain solution for truck
tracking. There is also the Blocklet project, which connects all
electronic devices on the blockchain to build an IoT system, which
adopts blockchain technology to ensure that the accuracy of agricultural
data from smart farms is not tampered with. In September 2016,
Wanxiang Holdings released a plan to invest 200 billion RMB in
“Wanxiang Innovation Hub”, which includes blockchain, IoT, artificial
intelligence, microelectronics, and other latest technologies to
implement a new decentralised energy trading and management system.
- 18 -

Yet another example is AgriLedger, which provides free or low-cost
smart phones for individual farmers and agricultural corporations, and
each smart phone contains an agricultural production management
blockchain application. This application first records all relevant
information onto the blockchain, and then helps individual farmers to
enjoy economies of scale from joint production and sales. Also, this
application makes the crop supply chain more transparent, and reduces
corruption, theft and other negative incidents.
Due to the complexity of cross-boundary and cross-industry issues,
most of current projects which focus on the integration of blockchain
and IoT are still in the early stages of their individual private chain or
consortium chain. There are some public chain IoT projects, which are
still at the preliminary stages of token issuance or simple application
business support. On the other hand, IoT applications in different
industries have common references for design, and also resource
sharing and collaboration needs. Therefore, considering characteristics
of the IoT ecosystem, it is necessary to establish a public blockchain
infrastructure, which is able to provide comprehensive support services.
Taking the agricultural industry as an example, currently, there are
significant challenges facing both agricultural development and food
quality. On one hand, agricultural resources are widely dispersed but
isolated, farming facilities and services are quite weak, it is not easy to
direct technological and financial resources to agriculture industry,
- 19 -

while income for most farmers are low. As a result, there is an urgent
need to increase the quality and efficiency of the current
agriculture industry. On the other hand, current food safety still
remains an issue. The supply chain is too long and the credit system is
weak, thus it is difficult for consumers to effectively identify and find
safe and high-quality food. Therefore, there is also an urgent need to
improve the current food quality assurance practice.
Current centralised and localised solutions are not able to control
and track all steps of the journey of agricultural products from the
farmland to the dining table, and to realise a complete upgrade of
existing food quality assurance practice, because the current ecosystem
(i.e. information service platform, e-commerce agricultural equipment,
product merchants, logistics and fintech resources) is still disperse. The
core issue lies in the failure to create substantial economies of scale
for agriculture and the difficulty in establishing cooperative credit
system for agricultural supply chain. The solution to this issue will
come through various levels. On one hand, IoT may be applied to
agricultural production and circulation, in order to improve traditional
operational efficiency, raise the level of food quality, unleash
agriculture potential and create economies of scale. On the other hand,
blockchain technology and its decentralised model will link agricultural
digital assets from IoT, to establish a complete credit cooperation
system, and solve current pain points of agricultural transition and
- 20 -

agricultural consumption upgrade. By doing so, this can bring more
income for farmers and guarantee food security and quality for
consumers. Meanwhile, IoT will create a good amount of digital assets
resources for blockchain. Its future potential of economic value and
social values are huge as well; the combination of both IoT and
blockchain will bring in a smart revolution in agricultural industry as a
result.

- 21 -

2. SDChain’s Design Objectives and Applications
2.1 Concepts of Design and Construction Objectives
IoT “Six-Domain Model” international standard framework
provides an important reference point for IoT applications in different
industries and establishment of a closed business loop; it will be
conducive to the development of IoT industry, especially for
optimisation of division of labor and application ecosystem of the
industry. However, on the construction of a credit and value system,
this framework still requires integration and support from the
decentralised blockchain technology.
SDChain is designed to address the various requirements and
business needs from different companies and users with the IoT
Six-Domain Model, such as IoT business users, IoT device users, IoT
service platform users, IoT operation, regulatory platform users,
third-party business cooperation users, property owner users and others.
It will optimise in depth for current blockchain technology, specifically
in sub-fields of digital assets issuance, credit of user identity
management, P2P communication, encryption algorithm, consensus
algorithm, smart contracts, cross-chain smart contract models, market
consensus incentives, decentralised DApps and fast access to new
business, to ensure the benign, fast and sustainable development of
SDChain ecosystem. By doing so, it will promote the coexistence of
- 22 -

token, blockchain and IoT technologies, achieve efficient circulation
and transition of digital assets credit, therefore SDChain will become a
universal benchmark to promote the real social development through
the combination of IoT and Blockchain.
2.2 Business Model and Application Scenarios
Core business of SDChain includes:
1）

According to application requirements of the particular industry
and IoT Six-Domain Model for referential framework, DApps
will be established by operators from each industry, such as
agricultural IoT, industrial IoT, energy IoT. SDChain will
provide digital assets issuance for each DApp, and also provide
different users with digital credit identity registration and
management on SDChain, allowing recording of data onto
blockchain, authorisation and search for data, smart contract
set-up and trigger, automatic split as well as other services. It will
ensure the consistency, authenticity and tamper-resistance of data,
and establish the asymmetric credit mechanism between people
and objects (ACM), to guarantee the safe and effective
interconnection of data assets.

2）

Issuance of SDA by distribution schedule – SDA will be used as
the unit of exchange for facilitating digital assets transactions and
payment for services / transactions on the SDChain Platform, as
- 23 -

well as the incentive which would be consumed to encourage
participants to establish ledger consensus for digital assets on
SDChain, thereby contributing and maintaining the ecosystem on
the SDChain Platform. SDA may also be used by the Foundation
for purposes of application ecosystem incubation, community
construction, business cooperation and promotion of SDChain
Platform. The continued development of the SDChain Platform,
blockchain industry and IoT, will generate value for the entire
industry at the same time.
3）

Based on large encrypted blockchain data resources on
blockchain, the SDChain Platform is intended to create a
mutually beneficial ecosystem to tap potential values, incubate
innovative applications and drive IoT technology to grow
efficiently with artificial intelligence innovations, IoT financial
service innovations, supply chain traceable service innovations
and market service innovations.

2.3 DApp Practical Applications: Agricultural IoT
The SDChain Platform, when completed, will focus on one of the
primary needs of society – namely upgrading the food consumption
chain, by developing the first agricultural IoT system based on
SDChain – agricultural IoT DApp. The SDChain Platform will use look
towards applying IoT to the fishing business as a market entry point,
- 24 -

because it is relatively mature and has a high level of data openness. By
establishing system models and integrating with primary plantations
(such as those for grain, oil, fruit, vegetables, tea leaves), livestock
(such as chicken, pig, cattle, sheep) and other agricultural IoT
applications, the

SDChain Platform will promote agricultural

production and circulation as well as continuous improvement in digital
credit system of consumption. Thus, on one hand, the SDChain
Platform will provide IoT and financing resources for agricultural
producers and supply chain, with an increase of agricultural benefits as
a result. On the other hand, the SDChain Platform will increase the
add-on value of agricultural brand to ensure that consumers can have a
safe, healthy and efficient supply of food. The SDChain Platform is
designed to gradually establish a prosperous, collaborative modern
agriculture blockchain ecosystem, which can be a model mechanism for
other IoT application or DApp within the SDChain Platform (Such as
textile IoT, energy IoT, healthcare IoT, smart home, smart parking,
smart fire prevention, smart environment protections and so on). The
SDChain Platform will establish the important foundation for the
widespread adoption of a decentralised ecosystem of value.
Looking to the agricultural industry as an example, its application
scenarios mainly includes IoT supervision of agricultural service
operation, agricultural e-commerce transaction services, agricultural
e-commerce transaction and brand services, agricultural, fintech and
- 25 -

insurance services. Meanwhile, the SDChain Platform will further
support

development

in

agricultural

innovation

research

and

development (such as seed coverage, forage, fertilizer, pharmacy,
biology, equipment), agricultural devices research and development,
issuance of digital assets, market analysis of agricultural products, price
index

of

agricultural

materials

and

products,

credit

scores,

crowd-funding transactions of agricultural resource use, equipment
rental, logistics resource sharing, agriculture tourism services,
agricultural travel live stream, social events, rankings, brand
advertisement, training, agricultural innovation space and other
development of innovation applications.
 Agricultural IoT operational supervision services: Data gathered
from agricultural IoT equipment will be synchronised onto
blockchain, and provide identity authentication for both devices
and users, data verification, data upload to blockchain, data inquiry
and smart contract services. By doing so, the SDChain Platform
will constantly create new agricultural data assets.
 Agricultural supply chain traceability and e-commerce transaction
services: Data regarding agricultural material transactions will be
uploaded completely on blockchain, to guarantee quality and utility
of the traceability services; meanwhile, smart contract set-up, smart
contract trigger and automatic accounting services will also be
provided.
- 26 -

 Agricultural products traceable e-commerce transaction and brand
services: Data of agricultural transitions will be recorded on the
blockchain for the whole process, making quality and transaction
identity traceable at all times; meanwhile, smart contract set-up,
smart contract trigger and automatic accounting services will also
be provided.
 Agricultural IoT finance and insurance services: the SDChain
Platform will support provision of technology credit loans and
technology insurance to finance, insurance, third-party technology
service platforms, farmers, supply chain by smart contract services.
This will simplify current valuation and business procedures.
 Issuance of new agricultural digital assets: By providing new
agricultural digital assets issuance platforms through the SDChain
Platform, the whole digital token ecosystem will be enriched and
SDChain will become a bedrock blockchain operation platform for
agriculture.
 Agricultural research services: Through the gathering of big data
information by the SDChain Platform, it can provide blockchain
data inquiry services for seed, forage, fertilizer, pharmacy, biology
and facilities.
 Agricultural IoT and system research and development services:
Based on framework standards of SDChain and IoT Six-Domain
Model, the SDChain Platform will support agricultural IoT
- 27 -

standard construction, which includes research and development of
international IoT and blockchain standard at levels of device,
platform, system, data and services.
 Market analysis of agricultural products: Based on distributed
market resources connected to the SDChain Platform, it can support
big data market analysis of agricultural products, as well as
blockchain data inquiry services.
 Price index for agricultural materials and products: Based on
agricultural material and products data linked to the SDChain
Platform, a price index for agriculture may be set up to provide data
inquiry services for enterprises on the agricultural chain, farmers,
commodity transactions, consumer organisations and individuals. It
can be used to support business innovations as well.
 Agricultural credit score: Based on the analysis of various types of
business in the network on the SDchain Platform, a credit score
may be assigned for different types of users on blockchain, which
can further activate potential digital asset resources.
 Crowd-funding of the right of use for agricultural resources: The
right of use can be uploaded on blockchain and then can be
crowd-funded for plantation, farms, fishing pools and other
agricultural resources. The SDChain Platform would allow
participants to set up smart contracts for industrial co-operation, in
addition to various other services.
- 28 -

 Agricultural device rental: By promoting expensive or important
agricultural devices and other digital assets on SDChain, financing
and rental services through the usage of SDA can be realised as a
result.
 Logistics resources sharing: Based on service requests from
agricultural products logistics information linked via the SDChain
Platform, the sharing and allocation of logistics resources can be
maximised. It can significantly optimise logistic resources sharing
and allocation. As a result, it will be more efficient to undertake
business, transportation and use SDA for settlement.
 Agriculture tourism services: Based on the SDChain Platform,
and consumer resources, evaluation, inquiry payment and other
agriculture tourism services can be provided as well.
 Agricultural live stream: Due to the linking via the SDChain
Platform of agricultural products and resources from agricultural
tourism bases, objective and live stream can be promoted, in
addition to relevant video-on-demand, with settlement to be made
in SDA.
 Social network: Based on participant interests and subject matter
notified to and linked via the SDChain Platform, various social
events may be organised to promote multi-culture development,
such as meet-ups, meetings, exhibition, and these may all use SDA
as participatory notes.
- 29 -

 Ranking: based on different types of data accumulated by SDChain,
various rankings based on agricultural material, agricultural
products, technology, consumption can be established, thus
promoting the benign development of the ecosystem.
 Brand advertisement: Based on large-scale consumer and user
groups linked via the SDChain Platform, targeted advertisement
may be introduced to users of the SDChain Platform, in addition to
creating collaborative value of agricultural products brand, with
SDA to be used as payment by advertisers.
 Training: Based on expert resources and data resources linked via
the SDChain Platform, various types of training and experience
sharing sessions can be held, with training providers receiving SDA
as an incentive for participating.
 Agricultural Innovation Space: Based on extensive resources linked
via the SDChain Platform, it can provide relevant services for
agricultural innovation space in different regions, and different
types of resources can be obtained or opened through various
channels on the SDChain Platform.
 Innovation application development: Based on resources linked via
the SDChain Platform, SDChain users can rapidly disseminate their
development

requirements.

Also,

SDChain

can

provide

development resources for developers and allow these developers
to monetize their applications.
- 30 -

Agricultural IoT Dapp on the SDChain Platform is one of the
agricultural IoT sub-applications under the Six-Domain IoT framework.
It establishes a distributed blockchain ecosystem to deal with credit
digital assets during the agricultural production process, including:
registration, storage, authorisation, transaction and services of these
digital assets. Through the construction and operation of collaborative
systems on the SDChain Platform, more innovations from agriculture,
forestry, animal husbandry and fishery will continuously emerge, thus
promoting agricultural production, circulation and improvement of
digital credit system in consumption fields. On one hand, it will bring
resources and power of IoT and financial services for agricultural
producers and supply chain, thereby increasing agricultural profits. On
the other hand, by increasing the add-on values for brands of
agricultural products, consumers will have better opportunities to access
safe and high-quality food supply. Meanwhile, billions of potential
terminals of agricultural IoT with highly concurrent transactions will
create huge amount of digital assets on SDChain, providing the most
powerful support for the continuous growth and development of the
SDChain Platform ecosystem.

- 31 -

3. SDChain’s Architecture and Technical Solutions
Based on IoT Six-Domain Model system, SDChain is designed to
be able to efficiently categorise its users, which mainly include
individuals, enterprises, government agencies, property owners, IoT
operation providers, IoT devices, and various operators on the industrial
chain, such as: equipment providers, online e-commerce businesses,
financial institutions, logistics companies. According to characteristics
of its users and the users’ blockchain businesses, SDChain will
modularize its infrastructure, in order to provide multi-dimensional and
multi-role protection, data privacy, confidentiality, distributed data
storage, credible data access and transactions by SDChain’s strong
underlying security.
To learn more about the composition of this blockchain system, it
is necessary to look at the function view of SDChain’s reference
framework. This function view describes typical functional components
of SDChain system through the hierarchical structure by “four
horizontal and four vertical levels”, as it shows in Figure 3. This figure
includes user layer, service layer, core layer, and base layer with
additional cross-layer functionalities.

- 32 -

Figure 3 Functional Components of Blockchain Reference Framework

The user layer is designed to address users’ needs for portal
entrance. Through this portal entrance, execution and client related
management functions could be activated, in addition to maintenance
and use of blockchain services. Users may also use blockchain services
to transfer the output to provide support for cross-layer blockchain
services.
The service layer provides unified access and node management
services.
The core layer is core functional layer of the blockchain system,
which includes the consensus mechanism, time-sequence services,
privacy protection, encryption, summary and digital signatures and
many other modules. Further, according to different application
scenarios, users may add automatic executable smart contract modules
by default logic.
The base layer provides necessary operation environment and
components for the blockchain system, such as data storage, operation
container, communication network and others.
Meanwhile, in response to the needs of blockchain research and
- 33 -

development, this function view also includes a “development,
operation, security, auditing” four cross-layer system. Functional
components

in

the

four

cross-layer

system

interact

with

abovementioned three layers of components and provide support for the
entire system in general.
The following is a brief description of core functions of the base
layer of SDChain:
3.1 P2P Communication
P2P communication is the core of blockchain. It has all the
characteristic of decentralisation, scalability, privacy and high
performance. The efficiency of P2P network communication is very
important to the overall performance of blockchain, especially the
speed of the whole blockchain network. Designed specifically for IoT
devices and users connected on the SDChain Platform, SDChain will
optimise in depth for areas of communication maintenance, address
confirmation, communication mechanism and storage plans. By
specifying associated physical configuration and size of clients and
consensus nodes, SDChain will adopt sharding mechanism and
high-speed Internet connection, to decrease the burden of consensus
communication, calculation and storage, therefore further improve
transactional performance of the blockchain, and so to achieve
maximum performance of IoT devices. This also guarantees IoT
- 34 -

devices registration, digitalisation and authorisation in the future.
3.2 Encryption Algorithm
Encryption is a key part of blockchain, in particular, the hash
function and asymmetric encryption algorithm.
1) Hash function: Currently, there are many algorithms for hash
function such as SHA and MD5, as well as series and parallel
use of the algorithm. Since most commercial applications focus
more on performance, SDChain will adopt SHA256 as its basic
algorithm.
2) Asymmetric encryption algorithm: This includes RSA, DSA,
elliptic curve algorithm and others. Blockchain mainly adopts
elliptic curve algorithm like ECDSA and SCHONORR. Since
SCHNORR has a faster signature verification speed compared
to ECDSA, its signature has a smaller size and is supportive of
native multiple signature. SCHNORR is in accordance with the
small volume size of IoT; therefore SDChain would be
adopting its own version of SDSCHNORR based on
SCHNORR.
Meanwhile,

the

modular

design

of

SDChain

allows

interchangeability of multiple algorithms. Because there are various
forms and different types of use case scenarios, security requirements
are not always consistent. Therefore, SDChain supports algorithms such
- 35 -

as Chinese National Standard encryption algorithms (SM2 elliptic curve
public key cryptographic algorithm, SM3 cryptographic hash algorithm,
SM4 block cipher algorithm) and others based on demand. As a result,
SDChain abstracts the underlying encryption algorithm and alternative
channels of different algorithms to meet various algorithm and security
requirements of different IoT applications. The name of wallet and
address can be interchangeable.
3.3 Consensus Algorithm
The consensus mechanism is a set of mechanism designed to
ensure the accuracy and consistency of information stored in the
distributed ledger, which is mainly determined by business and
performance requirements. IoT is a comprehensive and complex
heterogeneous system, which covers multiple industries and a wide
range of transactions. Because there are many types of communication
protocols, IoT has high safety and performance requirements for the
underlying blockchain. With the abovementioned characteristics in
mind, SDChain innovatively proposes SDFT algorithm, which
integrates high consistency RAFT and high concurrency PBFT
algorithms, thus solving security, high performance and trust issues at
the same time. It is planned that SDFT will have the following features:
1) Select one or a number of master nodes (Master node) from the
full network authentication nodes (Validate node) with
- 36 -

SD-RAFT to balance the computing load that is accessed by the
client. The master node is responsible for the collection of the
new transaction accounting request and the generation of the
transaction list in the whole network within a fixed period (10
seconds).
2) Each verification node will broadcast the transaction record that
sent from the client to the entire network. The major node will
collect transactions that will be put into new blocks by
sequence and store them into

transaction list and then

broadcast this list to the entire network.
3) When each node receives the transaction list, it will execute
these

transactions by sequence. When all transactions are

excuted, each node will broadcast to the entire network based
on the calculation of hash summaries of new blocks.
4) If a node receives 3f (f is the number for tolerable SDC nodes)
summaries from other nodes to request to equalise with itself, a
commit message will be broadcasted to the entire network.
5) If a node receives 3f+1 commit messages, it can submit new
block and its transactions to local blockchain and its status
database.
Please find below a performance comparison of SDChain with other
blockchain platforms：
- 37 -

Blockchain Platform

Consensus Algorithm

Transaction
Confirmation Time

Bitcoin

POW

60 min

Ethereum

POS

17 sec

SDChain

SDFT

3~5 sec

3.4 Smart Contract
Each IoT device connected to the Internet has a global identity on
blockchain, and this will be the only identifiable global identity, which
can be used for credit identification. The credit status of each IoT
device is visible to other devices on the SDChain Platform. The
corresponding key is used to sign data which records transactions sent
from this address, and it is only visible to the device owner.
Additionally, the SDChain Platform will set up a wallet for that device,
which aims to improve the security of IoT devices by preventing attacks.
Each time an IoT device records a data transaction, the action will result
in the generation (and/or consumption) of gas. Each smart contract is
similar to a common wallet, which has a unique public key address. The
difference is that the private key of the smart contract is discarded when
smart contract is created; therefore no one can send digital assets
towards smart contract except by way of the consensus mechanism. In
response to monitoring demands for IoT, namely IoT device holders can
set up smart contract, path of data storage and amount of charge to the
- 38 -

account beforehand, and then broadcast to the entire network and stored
as digital records. When an emergency happens, blockchain regulations
will activate, the smart contract on the SDChain Platform will require
enforceability, promptness and automatic trigger. The triggering
conditions are also recorded as data on the blockchain and is subject to
the related protection. This type of data is accurate, safe and reliable,
and cannot be tampered with.
3.5 Decentralised DApp
The existing incubation of development projects is relatively
centralised with inefficiency, opacity and unfriendliness, which affects
developer’s creativity and activities. Comparatively, under the incentive
of

DIP

protocol,

the

SDChain

Platform

will

promote

the

decentralisation of community ecosystem incubation through a positive
feedback mechanism. With the development of the ecosystem on the
SDChain Platform, there will be more and more information accessible
on blockchain. The key result is to provide this information in a simple
and effective way, which is conducive for further processing. It is
expected that there will be more phenomenal DApps to emerge in the
future. As it shows in Figure 4.

- 39 -

Figure 4. The Framework for SDChain Developers

Enterprise and individual developers can each create an
account for IoT devices, obtain asset digitalisation, get information
about block height, create and request trading information on the
chain and receive real-time notifications on SDChain. Currently by
SDK, SDChain can realise the value of access, information privacy
protection, value transmission, BaaS services on voucher, in order
to create value for accessible data, and make accessible data flow,
transformation trustworthy. SDChain has made in-depth analysis in
Internet applications, IoT applications and financial applications.
Meanwhile, SDChain has established a number of SDK in
accordance to different languages, such as C++ SDK for IoT, Java
and Node SDK for Internet. Doing so will satisfy different
application platform access requirements for the entire ecosystem.

- 40 -

3.6 Issuance of IoT digital assets

There are four basic elements of an SDChain smart contract:
{code, status, [code], balance}. The code is generated by users; the
status contains all current internal information of the smart contract;
the balance is the cryptocurrency in balance of the smart contract,
which also stores a history of transactions. According to user’s
requirements for issuance of new digital assets from different IoT
application platforms, token distribution can be realised by a smart
contract on the SDChain Platform, which is also supportive of
distribution of other cryptocurrencies by SDA as the underlying
asset.
3.7 Cross Chain Smart Contract Model
SDChain has real value for both lightweight participants (such as
IoT devices) and computation-intensive participants (such as IoT
platforms). There always exists a huge imbalance between these two
types of participants. Since the development of blockchain is still in an
early age, current blockchain technology has various issues such as
problems with upgrades, cross-chain compatibility with different
blockchains, and splits in user groups. In order to solve the
abovementioned issues, SDChain will introduce the solution of layered
consensus stack technology, namely SDCC (SD Cross-Chain). SDCC is
- 41 -

incubated from SDChain, which is a smart contract module on
blockchain, and it can provide following content features:
1）

Layered configuration structure: functional modules can be
replaced from multiple dimensions.

2)

In response to the situation that Bitcoin cannot issue digital

assets by itself and the objective shortcomings of Ethereum’s smart
contract focus, SDCC provides support for various types of transactions,
smart contracts and distribution of self-defined digital assets.
3)

A variety of data storage forms can be replaced, which

supports MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle and other relational databases, as
well as RocksDB, Redis and other non-relational databases.
4） The consensus node can be configured to support multiple
consensus protocols, besides SAFT in the system, SDChain is
supportive of PoW, PoS and other consensus protocols used by other
IoT blockchain.
5）SDCC supports pluggable authentication schemes and injection
user protocols, which can deploy existing consensus nodes to integrate
new blockchain more easily.
6 ） For participants with small processing capacity, they can still
participate in node verification.
7) Using SDCC’s internal split-flow scheme to improve
communication and storage performance of IoT devices connected: As
it shows in Figure 5.
- 42 -

Figure 5. Cross Chain Work Model

4. Ecosystem Roadmap & Community Management
Architecture
4.1 SDChain’s Ecosystem Roadmap
SDChain will combine international strengths to build a universal
community ecosystem. The management of its ecosystem will be led by
SDChain

Foundation

in

addition

to

international

community

management agencies. SDChain will make full use of blockchain and
IoT innovations, in addition to promoting to IoT enterprises and users.
Meanwhile, SDChain will continuously explore the innovation
business within six domains, and establish a global ecosystem of
blockchain and IoT under the supervision of community and relevant
- 43 -

regulatory agencies. As an open platform, SDChain upholds principles
of openness, inclusiveness, mutual cooperation and benefits, and will
establish ecosystem-wide cooperation throughout the industry.
4.2 SDChain’s Ecosystem Business Model

The development of the SDChain ecosystem depends on two
parts. On one hand, based on SDChain, the whole industry supply
chain and users can generate value through various innovative
services. On the other hand, a large number of high-value digital
assets on SDChain will support large volumes of high-frequency
digital assets transactions, thus promoting the increasing added
value of the ecosystem on the entire SDChain Platform, and drive
SDA to expand to even more transaction processes. Further,
projects built on SDChain’s public chain capabilities would have
high levels of scalability – the relevant business teams may utilise
SDChain to develop their own DApps, distribute relevant tokens
and enhance the ecosystem on the SDChain Platform. By
connecting businesses to resources, the SDChain Platform will
grow more robust and diverse.
4.3 SDChain's Community Management Architecture
The SDChain community will be guided by the Foundation, which
is based in Singapore. The Foundation’s views on the technical
- 44 -

development, business promotion and community operation of the SD
Chain Platform will be influential, but ultimately it will not have
control over the actions of the SDChain community, which is
spontaneously formed and is open, decentralized and admission-free to
join, comprising various users, participants, developers, supporters,
SDA holders worldwide, who are not connected with the Foundation in
any manner. In order to ensure the efficient development of the
SDChain Platform and ecosystem thereon based on the principles of
openness and transparency, there will be various Committees set up by
the Foundation:
Board of Directors – It is the highest decision-making body of the
Foundation and will manage various executive agencies (Committees).
It has the right to decide, use, freeze, and reward SDA, and conduct
punitive measures on behalf of the Foundation, as well as other
activities. The Board of Directors will be selected by the members of
the Foundation.
The term of each director in the Board of Directors is 2 years, and
new members will be selected upon expiry of the term.

Under the Board of Directors, there are 6 Committees:

- 45 -

Steering Committee – Its function is to advise the Board of
Directors on the overall direction and development of the project to
develop SDChain and the SDChain Platform, the promotion of the
ecosystem, community operation, and on all major board decisions.
Business Committee – It will be in charge of business promotion,
business development and ecosystem construction of the SDChain
Platform. Its members are generally chosen from representatives from
the industry.
Technology Committee – It will be in charge of technical
development of SDChain and the SDChain Platform, open source code
management, Github open source code maintenance, and updated
evaluation of technology in community. Its members are generally
selected from an international blockchain expert pool.
Community Committee – It will be in charge of global community
operations and management, community events planning, resources
integration, and community rewards distribution. Its members are
mainly selected from active community members.
- 46 -

Public Relations Committee – It will be in charge of project
progress updates, public relations issues, external publicity and other
issues relating to the development of the SDChain Platform. Its
members are generally selected from an international pool of marketing
executives and representatives of public relations companies.
Human Resources and Finance Committee – It will be in charge of
payments and allowances to the staff of the Foundation, normal
financial expenditure for the development of the SDChain Platform,
volunteer recruitment and other types of work.
Heads of each Committee – the Board of Directors will appoint
heads of Committees, and such persons shall be responsible for the
operation management in their committees, in addition to work and
coordination among other Committees. The head of each Committee
needs to report to the Board of Directors on a regular basis.
Steering Committee：
The Steering Committee members will be selected from
well-known blockchain and IoT industry experts. A brief introduction of
the growing list of members, is as follows:

1. Dr. Jie Shen, Co-Chairman
Dr. Jie Shen obtained Ph.D from Chinese Academy of Sciences
after receiving bachelor degree from Zhejiang University, and was a
visiting scholar at University of California at San Diego (UCSD). He is
- 47 -

an authoritative international experts on IoT, with 15 Years of IoT
experience and 3 Years of blockchain research experience, and had
participated in developing the worlds’ first international Internet of
Things Reference Architecture (IoT RA) ISO / IEC 30141 on behalf of
Chinese Leaders. He is also the proposer and chief editor of the
"Six-Domain Model" of IoT, sponsor of Joint Laboratory for
Six-Domain Blockchain, founder of Qingyu Tang, and part-time
professor of Fudan University. Since 2011, he has been the general team
leader of the National IoT Basic Standard Working Team and promoted
development of dozens of basic standards and application standards for
Internet of Things jointly with the Ministry of Public Security, Ministry
of Agriculture, Ministry of Transport, Ministry of Environmental
Protection, State Forestry Administration, National Health and Family
Planning Commission and China National Textile and Apparel Council.
He was once the vice president of Wuxi Internet of Things Industry
Research Institute, vice director of National Research Center for Sensor
Network Engineering Technology of Ministry of Science and
Technology, and vice chairman of the CCSA TC10. He has presided
over 10+ state-level scientific research projects related to IoT and 10+
international and national standards, and was awarded the first prize of
Shanghai Science and Technology Advances, the second prize of China
Standard Innovation and the Advanced Individual of the National
Information Security Standardization Technical Committee.
- 48 -

2. David Pan, Co-Chairman
David joined the Foundation with 20 years of industry
experience serving North American and Asian technology and
investment companies in IoT, semiconductor, software, electronics
manufacturing and telecom sectors. Prior to joining the Foundation,
David served as the Director of IoT Asia Marketing at Arm, growing
and supporting Arm’s IoT developer ecosystem and partnerships in Asia.
Prior to Arm, David served as the President of Ayaris 9 with sell-side
mandates in IoT, clean tech and e-commerce sectors, as well as
managing buy-side venture capital specialised in pre-IPO projects.
David graduated from Harvard with a Masters in Finance, Golden Gate
with Masters in Enterprise Systems, and UC Berkeley with BA in
Architecture.

3.

Richard Zhou, Co-Chairman
Richard is currently the President of Green Panda Marketing Inc. in

Toronto, Canada, Advisor to multiple Fortune 500 companies and
Nasdaq-listed companies, and Advisor to China Canada Angel Alliance.
Formerly, Richard served as an Independent Board Director of Internet
of Things Inc. (TSX.v-ITT), Assistant Director of Ontario Ministry of
Tourism, Culture and Sports, Canada, Co-Chair of TIFF China Internet
Film and Television Development Forum, President of Canada
- 49 -

Evergreen Association, and Founding Director of Chinese Cabinet of
Toronto Sick Kids Foundation, one of the largest charity organisations
in Canada. Richard has 20 years of industry experience in information
technology, Internet, IoT, energy, serving at EMC, Siemens, and
Apotex.

Core Team Members：
1、

David Pan
David joined the Foundation with 20 years of industry

experience serving North American and Asian technology and
investment companies in IoT, semiconductor, software, electronics
manufacturing and telecom sectors. Prior to joining the Foundation,
David served as the Director of IoT Asia Marketing at Arm, growing
and supporting Arm’s IoT developer ecosystem and partnerships in Asia.
Prior to Arm, David served as the President of Ayaris 9 with sell-side
mandates in IoT, clean tech and e-commerce sectors, as well as
managing buy-side venture capital specialised in pre-IPO projects.
David graduated from Harvard with a Masters in Finance, Golden Gate
with Masters in Enterprise Systems, and UC Berkeley with BA in
Architecture.

2、

Faud A. Khan

Apart from his leadership role at the Foundation, Faud is the Chair
- 50 -

of Canada International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO / IEC
SC27), Convenor of IOT Special Working Group, International
Convener of ISO / IEC SC41, CEO and Security Analyst of TwelveDot
Labs, delivering network security solutions to customers worldwide. He
has over 21 years experience in cybersecurity industry.

3、

Dr. Yue Gao

Apart from his leadership role at SDChain, Yue Gao is a Reader in
Antennas and Signal Processing, and Director of Whitespace Machine
Communication (WMC) Lab in the School of Electronic Engineering
and Computer Science at Queen Mary University of London (QMUL).
He worked as Research Assistant, Lecturer (Assistant Professor) and
Senior Lecturer (Associate Professor) at QMUL after his PhD degrees
from

QMUL

in

2007.

He

is

currently

leading

a

team

developing theoretical research into practice in the interdisciplinary area
among smart antennas, signal processing, spectrum sharing and internet
of

things

(IoT)

applications.

He

has

published

over

120

peer-reviewed journal and conference papers, 2 patents, and 2 book
chapters. He is a co-recipient of the EU Horizon Prize Award on
Collaborative

Spectrum

Sharing

in

2016,

and

Research

Performance Award from Faulty of Science and Engineering at QMUL
in 2017. He is an Editor for the IEEE Transactions on Vehicular
Technology,

IEEE

Wireless

Communication
- 51 -

Letter

and

China Communications. He is serving as Cognitive Radio Symposium
Co-Chair of the IEEE GLOBECOM 2017. He has served as the Signal
Processing for Communications Symposium Co-Chair for IEEE ICCC
2016, Publicity Co-Chair for IEEE GLOBECOM 2016, and General
Chair of the IEEE WoWMoM and iWEM 2017. He is a Senior Member
of

IEEE,

a

Secretary

of

the

IEEE

Technical

Committee

on Cognitive Networks, and an IEEE Vehicular Technology Society
Distinguished Lecturer.

4、

Wenbo Xu

Wenbo holds Master of Software Engineering from Fudan
University, with 8 years of experience in C + + server-side software
development and architecture design and 4 years of experience in R&D
team management. Wenbo was responsible for the development of
Shanghai Telecom "Game Frontier" platform, precision location-based
services (PC LBS), Internet users portrait and data mining, centralised
batch stamp inspection for Bank of Suzhou and electronic stamp
inspection for other banks. Recently, he has led the blockchain module
package development on Arm mbed OS. Wenbo has valuable
blockchain IoT project development and implementation experience,
and rich software security system development capabilities.

- 52 -

The Foundation’s Advisory Board

1、

Dr. Lirong Zheng

Lirong is a professor of Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden,
Dean of School of Information Science and Technology, Fudan
University, Executive Vice President of New Rural Development
Institute, Fudan University and Distinguished Professor of China’s
National "Thousand Talents Program".

2、

Eduard Molla

Eduard is Economic Counselor of Albania in China.

3、

Qiang Yin

Qiang holds EMBA from Donghua University, Vice President of
Circulation Branch of China National Textile And Apparel Council,
Deputy Director of IoT standard working group for textile industry, and
GM of CNTEX.
4、

Xuming He

Xuming is the Chairman of the Organising Committee of World
Internet of Things Convention, Chairman of World Chinese Business
Alliance Federation, President of World Chinese Entrepreneurs Alliance
Group, Executive Chairman of Chinese Entrepreneurs Alliance,
- 53 -

Chairman of Warner Fund (Beijing), Chairman of World Chinese
Business Alliance Investment Fund Management Company, and
formerly served as Executive Officer of Chinese Chamber of
Commerce in China, CEO of Warner Investment Group (US),
Executive Officer of Promotion Association of Chinese Chamber of
Commerce, and Executive Secretary General of Chinese Business
Alliance Federation.

5、

Bingxian Liang
Bingxian is the Chairman of Taiwan Internet of Things

Association, Chairman of Flowring, Dean of the Cross-Strait
Intelligence Service Industry Institute of Nanjing University of Posts
and Telecommunications, Vice Chairman of IOTCC, China Electronics
Chamber of Commerce, MIIT, Executive Chairman of Alliance of
Sensing China, Executive Director of Jiangsu Innovation Center for
Internet of Things Technology and Application Synergy, Vice Chairman
of Zhejiang Technology Innovation Association for Automotive
Industry, Vice Chairman of Wuxi Cross-Strait Technology and Financial
Services Center, Member of Technical Expert Committee of Cloud
Computing and IoT Association in Taiwan (CIAT), and Member of
Cloud Computing and IoT Committee of Taiwan Electrical and
Electronic Manufacturers Association.
- 54 -

4.4 Foundation auditing
In order to achieve open and transparent governance, the
Foundation’s Finance and HR Committee will hire professional
auditor(s) and published its auditing results.

5. Roadmap
May 2017
Development of SDChain Platform Planning Kickoff.

Exploration: May 2017 - October 2018
The Beta Version of SDChain is launched during this time, inviting
selective community members to participate in internal testing groups
to test, modify and optimise the SDChain Platform.
- 55 -



December 2017 – June 2018

Application Layer Development: iOS and Android client, account
creation and SDA transfer.
Service Layer Development: Account creation, storage release, SDA,
SDChain Node Incentives.
Core Layer Development: Call functions of SDChain Node Small
Contract, client connection.
Infrastructure Development: Index and caching, storage.


July 2018 – October 2018

Application Layer Development: Community presentation, IoT-OS
access.
Service Layer Development: Community Creation, Community
motivation.
Core Layer Development: SDChain Node security verification.
Infrastructure Development: Storage optimisation, task scheduling,
service flow.

Expansion: October 2018 - December 2018
Release of the SDChain Platform online, fully open to users and
officially start operation.

2018.10 – 2018.12
Application Layer Development: Browser plug-in, setting of value
- 56 -

flows.
Service Layer Development: Community integration, setting of value
flows, credit valuation.
Core Layer Development: SDChain Node External Service
Connection.
Infrastructure Layer Development: Storage optimisation, schedule
transfer optimisation.

Evolution: December 2018 - May 2019
Connect partners on the SDChain Platform and expand the scope of
partners to form the ecosystem with account namespace, account
binding, tripartite-link SDK, public API, identity authentication. Help
partners get connected and continue to expand.

6. Risk Warning
There are various risks associated with the purchase of SDA.
Potential purchasers should carefully evaluate these risks based on their
own risk tolerance.
1. Risks associated with markets for SDA
There is no prior market for SDA and the SDA token sale may not
result in an active or liquid market for SDA. SDA is designed to be used
solely within the ecosystem on the SDChain Platform, hence there may
- 57 -

be illiquidity risk with respect to the SDA you hold. SDA is not a
currency issued by any central bank or national, supra-national or
quasi-national organisation, nor is it backed by any hard assets or other
credit nor is it a "commodity" in the usual and traditional sense of that
word. We are not responsible for, nor do we pursue, the circulation and
trading of SDA on any market. Trading of SDA will merely depend on
the consensus on its value between the relevant market participants. No
one is obliged to purchase any SDA from any holder of SDA, including
the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity or market price
of SDA to any extent at any time. Furthermore, SDA may not be resold
to purchasers where the purchase of SDA may be in violation of
applicable laws. Accordingly, we cannot ensure that there will be any
demand or market for SDA, or that the price you pay for SDA is
indicative of any market valuation or market price for SDA.
Even if secondary trading of SDA is facilitated by third party
exchanges, such exchanges may be relatively new and subject to little
or no regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible to fraud or
manipulation. Furthermore, to the extent that third parties do ascribe an
external exchange value to SDA (e.g., as denominated in a digital or fiat
currency), such value may be extremely volatile, decline below the
price which you have paid for SDA, and/or diminish to zero.

2. Regulatory Risks
- 58 -

The blockchain industry is still at its early stage of development,
not only China but also the rest of the world do not have relevant legal
documents regarding pre-ICO requirements, transaction requirement,
information disclosure requirement, lock-up requirements. Also, it is
not clear how current policies will be implemented, which may
negatively impact SDA and the SDChain Platform. Since blockchain
technology has become the major target of regulation in most countries,
if regulatory agencies intervene or influence the blockchain industry in
general, SDA and applications on the SDChain Platform may be
affected as a result. Such intervention may include, without limitation,
legal restriction on the use and sales of token, restrictions on
applications on the SDChain Platform and the usage of SDA.
3. Competition Risks
With the development of information technology and mobile
internet, digital assets represented by “Bitcoin” have emerged, and
various kinds of decentralised applications have continued to emerge,
competition in this industry has become increasingly fierce. However,
with the proliferation and expansion of other application platforms, the
community will face continuously operational pressure and certain
market competition risks.
4. Risks of Loss of Staff
The Foundation has gathered a team of experienced technical and
consultant experts with respective professional advantages and rich
- 59 -

experience, which include professionals engaged in blockchain industry
for a long term, in addition to experienced internet product development
and operation core team members. The stability of core team and
advisory resources is important for the continued development of
SDChain and the SDChain Platform. The loss of core staff or advisory
board consultant may affect the stability of the platform or adversely
affect future development.
5. Risks due to lack of funds
If the price of the tokens contributed for development is greatly
decreased, or development time is much longer than expected, or any
other relevant reasons, it is likely to lead to a shortage of funds,
resulting in certain development goals being unrealised.
6. Risks of losing private keys
After investors transfer SDA to their own digital wallet addresses,
the only way to keep the contents of operation address is the relevant
encrypted key purchasers have (namely the private key or wallet
password). The user is responsible for protecting relevant keys and use
them to sign transactions which can prove asset ownership. Users
should understand and accept that if the private key or wallet password
is lost or stolen, then acquired SDA associated with the user account
(address) or password will not be restored and will be permanently lost.
The best way to store a login credential is to separate the key into one
or several local security stores, preferably not on a public computer.
- 60 -

7. Risks of being hacked or stolen
Some hackers, or certain organisation, countries may attempt to
interrupt the operation of SDA and the SDChain Platform, which
include but not limited to denial of service attack, Sybil attack, gaming
attack, malware attacks or consistency attack.
8. Risks of uninsured loss
Unlike bank accounts or accounts of other financial institutions,
there is usually no insurance for data stored on SDChain or in the
ecosystem on the SDChain Platform. In any event of loss, there will not
have any public or individual organisations to cover the loss.
9. Risks associated with core protocols
Currently SDChain and the SDChain Platform is developed based
on the Ethereum protocol. If there is a fault or similar incident with the
Ethereum protocol, unexpected functional problems or attacks are likely
to cause interruptions to the usage of SDA or the SDChain Platform, or
certain reduced functionalities.
10. Systematic Risks
The risk of a fatal flaw in an open source software or a massive
failure of global network infrastructure will cause risks as well.
Although some of these risks are greatly reduced over time, such as
repairing of loopholes and breakthrough of calculation bottleneck.
However, some other parts are still unpredictable, such as political
factors or natural disasters causing global Internet interruptions.
- 61 -

11. Risks

of

vulnerability

or

acceleration

development

of

cryptography
The accelerated development of cryptography or the development
of technology like quantum computing, will bring risks of decoding
SDChain, which may lead to the loss of SDA.
12. Risks of lack of attention towards application
The SDChain Platform may have risks of not being used by a large
number of individuals or organisation, which means the public has little
interest to develop DApps on the SDChain Platform, which might
adversely affect SDA and the SDChain Platform.
13. The risks of not being recognised or lack of users
SDA should not be treated as an investment. Where it is not
recognised by the market or not widely used, its value may be very
small. Possibly, for any reason, including but not limited to commercial
relations or failures in marketing strategy, the SDChain Platform and all
subsequent marketing sales might be unsuccessful. If it happens, there
will be no such platform or little follow-ups. This will be very
detrimental to this project.
14. Default risks of Applications
The SDChain Platform may not be able to provide services due to
various reasons, such as during large-scale node downtime, which may
result in loss of SDA for users.
15. Risks of applications or product not reaching its own or
- 62 -

purchaser’s expectations
The SDChain Platform is still in the developmental stage, hence
there may be large changes to the final design before the official version
is released, therefore, a purchaser of SDA may find that it does not meet
previous expectation of SDChain Application or SDA’s functionalities
or forms. Any wrong analysis or a change in design might lead to such
situation.
16. Other unexpected risks
Digital tokens (such as SDA) based on cryptography are a brand
new and untested technology, besides risks mentioned in this
whitepaper, there might be other risks the founding team has not
anticipated or not mentioned. Additionally, some other risks might arise
suddenly, or in a combination of the abovementioned risks.

- 63 -

