SF CAPITAL
WHITEPAPER
The open protocol for decentralized apps on the Ethereum blockchain

Table of Contents

Introduction

3

SF Capital Developer Team
- Our Vision

7

- Objectives

8

- Project Aspects

10

SF Capital Token (SFCP)
- Smart Contract Technology

12

- Token Details

13

- Token Distribution

14

- Use of Proceeds

15

- Business Development Plan

16

- Roadmap

18

Appendix

20

Disclaimer

21

2|Page

Introduction
From $0.003 USD in March 2010 to $9337.74 USD in February 2018.
This is of course, the price-value of 1 BTC (Bitcoin) in US Dollars. Bitcoin which
started in 2009, is a cryptocurrency, a digital asset designed to work as a
medium of exchange that uses cryptography to control its creation and
management, rather than relying on central authorities.
The Bitcoin network came into existence with the release of the first
open source bitcoin client and the issuance of the first bitcoins, with Satoshi
Nakamoto mining the first block of bitcoins ever (known as the genesis
block), which had a reward of 50 Bitcoins even when it had no significant
price-value. A lot of investors and traders from numerous parts of the world
have since then, found it profitable and comfortable to participate in the
economy of this currency. Cryptocurrency, which started with the
introduction of Bitcoin, has now led to the presence of over 1500 cryptobased coins in the world. This technology (Cryptography) which works with
a transparent ledger system, known as Blockchain has made its marketplace
a convenient one for everyone.
Blockchains have been revolutionary by allowing anyone to own and
transfer assets across an open financial network without the need for a
trusted third party. Now that there are hundreds of blockchain-based assets,
and more being added every month, the need to exchange these assets is
compounding.
With the advent of smart contracts, it is possible for two or more
parties to exchange blockchain assets without the need for a trusted third
party. Decentralized exchange is an important progression from the

3|Page

ecosystem of centralized exchanges for a few key reasons: decentralized
exchanges can provide stronger security guarantees to end users since there
is no longer a central party which can be hacked, run away with customer
funds or be subjected to government regulations. Hacks of Mt.Gox,
Shapeshift and Bitfinex have demonstrated that these types of systemic
risks are palpable. Decentralized exchange will eliminate these risks by
allowing users to transact trustlessly - without a middleman - and by placing
the burden of security onto individual users rather than onto a single
custodian.
In the two years that have passed since the Ethereum blockchain's
genesis block, numerous decentralized applications (dApps) have created
Ethereum smart contracts for peer-to-peer exchange. Rapid iteration and a
lack of best practices have left the blockchain scattered with proprietary and
application-specific implementations. As a result, end users are exposed to
numerous smart contracts of varying quality and security, with unique
configuration processes and learning curves, all of which implement the
same functionality. This approach imposes unnecessary costs on the
network by fragmenting end users according to the particular dApps each
user happens to be using, destroying valuable network effects around
liquidity.

4|Page

SF Capital Developer Team
Peter Chung is a researcher working on cryptocurrencies, smart
contract security and distributed consensus algorithms. He is experienced in
building high performance multiplatform applications. Peter believes
in the force of the Ethereum and
Blockchain technology. Much of his
work revolves around community of
technologies. He is interested in
building high performance multiplatform
source

applications.
project

which

The

open

embraces

decentralization of mining pools in
existing cryptocurrency.
One ailment of the cryptocurrency world is over-technicality
and confusing jargon. We believe
that blockchain technology can be
delivered to a larger user-base with
simplicity, and less confusion.
SF Capital (SFCP) token is striving to be one of the leaders in adoption
of digital currency for everyday use. We intend to simplify and bring the
powerful peer-to-peer ledger system into the hands of everyday people who
will utilize it for everyday transactions.

5|Page

Johnny Liang is a senior backend
engineer and OS system administrator over
20 years. He is experienced in building high
performance
function

of

for

multi-platform

applications.

in

all

Johnny

is

interested in building higher performance of
applications. He has been involved in
blockchain technologies and cryptocurrency
development since early 2015 and is a lead
engineer at the Crypto Big project.

Johnny Liang
Lead engineer & Co-Founder

Nicky G. Khun has spent over a decade
driving growth and awareness for both
Fortune 200 companies and tech startups
alike. He is one of the best marketing and
business developer in advertising business
industry. His results-oriented approach has
earned him multiple industry awards. As an
early and passionate adopter of crypto, he
uses

extensive

marketing

skill

set

to

maximize the reach and success of SF Capital.

Nicky G. Khun
Business Developer

6|Page

Our Vision
One ailment of the crypto-currency world is over-technicality and
confusing jargon. We believe that blockchain technology can be delivered to
a larger user-base with simplicity, and less confusion. SF Capital (SFCP) token
is striving to be one of the leaders in adoption of digital currency for everyday
use. We intend to simplify and bring the powerful peer-to-peer ledger
system into the hands of everyday people who will utilize it for everyday
transactions.
Our vision to accomplish this is to put the community and the people
first. We regularly speak of ourselves as a community currency and enjoy the
simple comments and interactions of new users to blockchain technology.
We allow them to dictate how we should make things easier and more
effective for their use. We also are community run and desire to set the
framework of an open source system where this currency will perpetuate
with the community in control not a large investor or any larger centralized
entity. We desire for SF Capital (SFCP) token to remain and continue as a
decentralized currency for the people.

7|Page

Objectives
E-COMMERCE APPLICATIONS
SF Capital (SFCP) token is looking to make the cryptocurrency easily
transferable and liquidable for purchasing power. We are already in talks
with various companies that we believe are spearheading the way forward
to integration with all major existing e-commerce online platforms. The
current TX rates can be as low as 0.2 cents, so this makes our solution
strongly competitive with Paypal or Stripe who charge 2.9%+ for each
transaction of money. So our goal is to have SF Capital (SFCP) token available
to be used by small businesses and entrepreneur or websites as method of
payment or donation to transfer funds.

TECHNOLOGY UPGRADES
SF Capital (SFCP) token is to provide a stable cryptocurrency that will
be trusted and adopted. We are currently utilizing the Ethereum blockchain
as we have started an ERC20 token under their system. Our circulation of
tokens is 100 million token with a decimal point of 18 and our contract
address is: 0x8b6cda5cc518c904e8844f445e1a7c7d2db0ff16 The Ethereum
platform is trusted and utilized by very large companies and is a very forward
thinking blockchain. We have discussed amongst developers the need to
continue to evaluate the long-term durability of the ETH blockchain and if
we need to start our own blockchain. So, we have not closed the door to this
possibility depending on the adoption rate of SF Capital (SFCP) token and it’s
scalability issues.

8|Page

EDUCATING USERS
SF Capital (SFCP) token is very sensitive to the need to educate people
on blockchain technology in a simple user-friendly fashion. This objective is
close to the heart of the project in putting people and their needs first in
ensuring adoption of the technology is easy and even fun. Our platform is
open source and also spreads further education and forward thinking of the
blockchain technology, spurring on innovation.

WORLD-WIDE COMMUNITY
SF Capital (SFCP) token has, since its foundation, been a world-wide
currency. Developers from many countries, advisors, innovators and
volunteers on social media have been from varied parts of the world. This
has become part of our DNA to cater to the needs of translation work and
adoption of blockchain technology in countries all over the world. This is
another way that blockchain technology is disrupting the financial sector in
that it is rewarding not only the rich but poor in any part of the world. We
are excited to have team members joining from all walks of life and social
status to be a part of SF Capital (SFCP) token.

USABILITY
SF Capital (SFCP) token will make blockchain technology less daunting
for the end user and give people renewed confidence in this pioneering way
of transferring funds through a peer to peer digital network. From our
custom applications to partnerships with like-minded teams, we are seeking
to make this technology as user-friendly as possible.
9|Page

Project Aspects
ANONYMITY
Since the beginning of SF Capital (SFCP) token there has been a desire
from many of the team members to remain anonymous in their contributions.
This has helped the team focus on the main project and ensure steady
growth. We see the same in the original vision of bitcoin, anonymity was also
part of its success. Our goal is results that are tangible in user-interaction
and adoption and not to focus on the developers behind the scenes.

DECENTRALIZED
Many ERC20 tokens starting are used by businesses that are
centralized entities. The original vision of blockchain technology is to operate
in a way that is peer to peer and not a part of any centralized hub. The genius
of this technology is that it runs and works apart from the control of any one
individual. Whether utilizing the ETH blockchain or starting our own, the goal
will be to ensure a decentralized model is maintained.

OPEN SOURCE
In keeping with the spirit of many projects in the crypto world we
desire to be open source with everything that is developed. From Wallet
Apps to any E-commerce applications. Everything will be open source or
released onto Github after initial development This will allow for further
innovation and for anyone to take part in improving SF Capital (SFCP) token.

10 | P a g e

NO LARGE PRE-MINE
We are disseminating the currency in a way that will not allow for
whales or large investors of a certain extend to own the currency at the
beginning. This gives an equal fair share for investors of all types. Being a
token and not a mineable currency we are ensuring wide distribution in
varying amounts.

COMMUNITY
A big focus is the development of a strong and large community that is
active and helping dictate the future of the SF Capital (SFCP) token currency.
We see the value of the currency in its community and this will ensure the
long-term durability of development, innovation and use of SF Capital (SFCP)
token.

MASS-ADOPTION
An important aspect of this project is its outward focused goal of mass
adoption rate. Innovation and improvement to the blockchain technology is
important but if it is not being used it becomes just test-tube experiments
but not applied to real-life. We believe in its adoption to a large user-base of
even non-crypto minded people that the technology will have to adapt and
change and this will bring innovation otherwise not thought of.

11 | P a g e

SF Capital Token (SFCP)
Smart Contract Technology
Smart

contracts

are

a

central

component

to

next-generation

blockchain platforms. The main goal of a smart contract is to enable two
anonymous parties to do business with each other, usually over the internet,
without the need for a middleman.

✔ Fast & Inexpensive
Easy and effortless payments whilst avoiding expensive costs of blockchain
transactions and data storage.

✔ 100% Reliable
Sustainable network capable of delivering lighting fast transactions and the
distribution of important client data.

Using Ethereum smart contracts, we can deliver on the above criteria.
Our Ethereum-based contracts all comply with the ERC20 standard, which
has gained significant prominence among developers. More detailed info
about the ERC20 standard can be found here.

NOTE: It is impossible to corrupt or censor smart contracts, because they are placed in a
decentralized infrastructure.

12 | P a g e

Token Details

TOKEN NAME

:

SF CAPITAL

TOKEN SYMBOL

:

SFCP

DECIMALS

:

18

PLATFORM

:

ETHEREUM

TOKEN SUPPLY

:

100 Million SFCP

TOTAL CROWDSALE

:

10 Million SFCP

INITIAL TOKEN PRICE :

START $0.1 USD

DURATION

:

1 JULY – 15 AUGUST 2018

SOFT CAP

:

2 Million SFCP

HARD CAP

:

10 Million SFCP

FUNDING GOAL

:

$3 Million USD

CONTRACT ADDRESS :

0x8b6cda5cc518c904e8844f445e1a7c7d2db0ff16

13 | P a g e

Token Distribution

Token distribution will be utilized as follows:
▪

57% Core phase of tokens sale

▪

12% Project team

▪

10% Bonus fund

▪

8%

Tokens presale

▪

6%

Partners and advisors

▪

5%

Bounties

▪

2%

Tokens private sale
14 | P a g e

Use of Proceeds

Funds raised in the crowdsale will be utilized as follows:
▪

53% Branding and Marketing

▪

29% Gift Code Inventory

▪

12% IT Infrastructure

▪

4%

Legal & Financial Overhead

▪

2%

Bounty & Overhead

15 | P a g e

Business Development Plan
SF Capital (SFCP) token is developed on the backdrop of ERC20 token
using Ethereum blockchain. ICOs have paved the way for development of
new token and Ethereum provides an apt ecosystem or it. We are launching
SF Capital (SFCP) token with precise estimations of the market and quite sure
of its success. Our token is only an instrument for us to generate initial
costing but will also prove as a great source of earning for the investors. This
is a perfect time for launching a new token since we have the best resources
available and due to the surge in Cryptocurrency market. We have generated
a plentiful of tokens for the investors and forecast a significant amount of
yield.
The technology of SF Capital (SFCP) token, its platform and all technical
developments are subject to changes in the interpretation, application,
marketing and anticipated timeline. We do not foresee any future problems
or setbacks arising although sudden changes can impact the launch, utility
and/or value of the coin and management reserves the right to action such
changes. Changes can be but not limited to internal policies, personnel
restructuring, coin distributions, technical developments of the SFCP tokens
and/or external factors outside of our control. We have focused on
accumulating profit-bearing means by foraging the exchanges and avoided
the replication of devices. SFCP tokens with their low costing attributes and
profound network of exchanges is very likely to emerge as a market
trailblazer. We aim to minimize the risks of a volatile market, making it
undulating and firm. Notwithstanding the fact that, cryptocurrencies are
regulated in most of the countries now, it is our accountability to stand by
the investors in the time of crisis. There have been many markets launched

16 | P a g e

lately in the markets all with their different layouts and prospects. Our
objective is to clinch the apex of the market and generate prolific outcome.
We aim to beget new avenues and add more competition to the market for
an overall beneficial environment. A prospective and all-encompassing
review of the token has already been done by the market experts.
SFCP tokens is coming out at a time when the market is on a rise and
people are eager to find new avenues to dabble in new cryptocurrencies. The
regulation following and adherence to exchange mandates have coursed a
way for us to spearhead the project. It is thoroughly a craftsmanship that we
see in the modules of our tokens. We have not only tried and tested them,
but also rated them through different exchange scales. The exchange indices
and capping market have been raised to a point where they can't be
deflected from their course. We have strategized to input the resources that
were way too scanty for other providers. It is also an urge for the whole
market to stand out and demarcate the critical boundaries. The onus is
definitely on us to save the traders from the perilous markets, our bearings
have been laid out is the most creative and transparent way so that each
investor will be able to see through the system. It is our aim to set a milestone
for investors and exchanges.
In addition, the ability to trade the coin on internet exchanges may be
impacted by third parties and their trading policies. New policies and
regulations governing the use of the SFCP coin and/or online exchanges may
affect its value or the ability for it to trade on the market.

17 | P a g e

Roadmap
MARCH 2018
▪

Research

▪

Web Development

▪

Business Planning

MAY 2018
▪

Launch Whitepaper

▪

Launch Roadmap

▪

Marketing

JUNE 2018
▪

Open token crowdsale

▪

Make business opportunities

18 | P a g e

JULY 2018
▪

Listing on popular exchange such as Yobit, Etherdelta,
Folkdelta and HeroXchange

▪

Listing on other exchange

▪

Listing on Coinmarketcap

SEPTEMBER 2018
▪

Apps Wallet in iOS / Android

▪

Target Price 1 - 3 USD

▪

Listing on Top 20 Crypto exchange market

DECEMBER 2018
▪

Target Price 3 - 5 USD

▪

Leading to Top 100 Crypto on Coinmarketcap

▪

Research the Next Projects

19 | P a g e

Appendix
ERC20 Token
ERC20 establishes a standard contract ABI for tokens on the
Ethereum blockchain and has become the de facto representation for all
types of digital assets. ERC20 tokens share the same contract interface,
simplifying integration with external contracts.

Core ERC20 functions include:
•

transfer(to, value)

•

balanceOf(owner)

•

approve(spender, value)

•

allowance(owner, spender)

•

transferFrom(from, to, value)

EIP101 includes a proposal to change ether to follow the ERC20 token
standard. For now, a “wrapper” smart contract may be used as a proxy for
ERC20 ether. For reference, see the Maker implementation or the Gnosis
implementation.

Contract ABI
EIP50 proposes an extension to the contract ABI to support structs.
This would allow the community to establish standard Order and Signature
data structures, simplifying our contract interface and integrations with
external contracts.

20 | P a g e

Disclaimer
DISCLAIMER AND STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFROMATION
The information presented in this disclaimer contains “forward-looking statements”
and “forward-looking information” with the reference of applicable Canadian
securities legislation (referred herein as forward-looking statements). Besides the
information of historical fact, certain information contained herein constitutes
forward-looking statements which includes but is not limited to statements related
to activities, occurrences and developments that SF CAPITAL (the “Company”)
expects or anticipates will or may take place in the future, statements regarding
Company’s business strategy, objectives and goals, and management’s assessment
of future plans and operations that are based on current internal expectations,
estimates, projections, assumptions and beliefs, which may be proved incorrect.
Forward-looking information is often recognized by the use of words such as
“may”, “will”, “could”, “would”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “intend”,
“potential”, “estimate”, “budget”, “scheduled”, “plans”, “planned”, “forecasts”,
“goals” and similar experiences. Forward-looking information is based on a number
of factors and assumptions made by management and considered reasonable at the
time such information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
information.
This disclaimer and the material contained herein are confidential and not to
be disclosed to the public. This statement is for information purposes only and may
not be reproduced or distributed to any other person or published, in whole or part,
for any purpose whatsoever. This presentation does not constitute a general
solicitation or an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities of the company
in any jurisdiction. Such an offer can only be made by prospectus or other authorized
offering document. This document and materials or fact of their distribution or
communication shall not form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with any
contract, commitment or investment decision whatsoever in relation thereto. No
securities commission or similar authority in Canada or any other jurisdiction has in
any way passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the information contained in this
document.

21 | P a g e

