STP Network
The Decentralized Digital Asset Platform
1

Mike Chen, Nathan Montone, Richard Lee
Version 1.1.0 | May 2019

Abstract
In this paper, we present STP Network, a decentralized platform for
digital asset issuance powered by the STP token, a new smart contract
protocol framework for compliant offerings. By issuing a permissioned
token (STPT) on the Ethereum blockchain, STP Network ensures that
compliance considerations are met at the token level through each STP
token’s adherence to the Compliance Validator restrictions. STP
Network enables the movement of digital assets in a globally compliant
manner.

1. Problems with Traditional Options
The cost-effectiveness of issuing private securities, as opposed to issuance via a public offering, generally
appeals to companies exercising an initial or follow on offering of stocks or bonds. However, the issuance
and secondary trading of privately issued securities requires middlemen, exchanges, and brokers in a
highly manual and expensive process that places a high regulatory risk on the issuer. To minimize the
regulatory risk and simplify the manual process of private security issuance and trading, many restrictions
are typically imposed on the asset such as limits on the number of investors, type of investors,
concentration of investors, holding period of investment, etc. The consequence of these restrictions is that
private securities are much less liquid than public securities. Because of this illiquidity, the price of
private securities is discounted by what is known as the “Illiquidity Discount,” often 20-30% below the
asset’s true market value, hurting issuers and sellers while adding unnecessary risk for buyers.
Many Securities Exchanges are building their platform using blockchain(eg.The Australian Securities
Exchange is notably rebuilding its ageing CHESS settlement platform using blockchain tech provided by
Digital Asset. And other stock exchanges, including in Jamaica, Thailand and Spain, have also announced
initiatives around blockchain and crypto assets.) STP can provide a new standard tokenization protocol
that those tradition securities exchanges can easily implement on.

1

minhui@block72.io, nathan@block72.io, richard.lee@block72.io

1

​2.

Advantages of Digital Assets

Utility tokens are required for the use of the product or service provided by their associated network. One
cannot interact with the Bitcoin blockchain without bearing ownership of a unit of the native token. This
is fundamentally different from a share of stock, which one is able to own without interacting with the
underlying product (e.g. Facebook shares are not needed to access the Facebook app). Security tokens, on
the other hand, are simply a digital representation of legal rights or ownership of an asset - standard
investor protections apply. When discussing Security Tokens, however, many reflexively cite William
2
Hinman’s SEC commentary (U.S. SEC, 2018) which drew a distinction between “Utility Tokens”
(sufficiently decentralized and therefore legal) and “Security Tokens” (everything else). The implication
became that Bitcoin and Ethereum were the only true utility tokens and implied everything else was not.
What often gets lost in the noise, however, is that this use of the term “Security Tokens” referred only to
unregistered securities offerings, which are illegal by nature. Too many projects and investors still equate
“Utility Token” with “legal” and “Security Token” with “illegal”. To avoid this confusion, STP Network
will refer to regulated offerings, meaning the digital representation of traditional assets (equity, real estate,
etc.) to enable certain previously impossible features using blockchain technology. These features include
smart contract programmability (reducing the number of third parties for issuers, thereby lowering costs
for investors) and automated compliance (increasing assurances for investors while reducing costs for
issuers). With this in mind, one can view STP as simply the compliant standard of a digital asset. This
enables benefits that have previously been impossible, several of which are outlined below.
2.1 Programmability
Programmable money is a feature that is central to blockchain-native assets and entirely absent from
traditional financial alternatives. The ability to program value to move from one person or entity to
another if and only if certain conditions are met has enormous potential to create value and dramatically
lower operational costs. A simple first example would be a share of stock that distributes a percentage of
its net income as a quarterly dividend to its token holders if its quarterly net income is positive.
Pre-programming this dividend feature into that entity’s STP-Standard token would significantly reduce
the manual and labor-intensive process of issuing quarterly dividends. A slightly more complex example
could be tokens that convert between equity and debt-like instruments based on predefined parameters.
And because of the STP-Standard’s token-level compliance capability, programmable features such as
automated onchain fundraising are now possible where investors send funds into an STP-Standard smart
contract which verifies compliance with the project’s parameters and issues the new token to investors
who meet the requirements and refunds capital to investors who do not. The transparency of the public
blockchain will allow anyone to confirm the protocol is functioning correctly.
2.2 Fractional Ownership
Fractional ownership of historically valuable assets such as fine art, stamps, wine collections, antique
cars, and so on will open up new asset classes to the average investor and make possible smaller
investable amounts. As an example, purchases in the art world are typically conducted through a private
2

https://www.sec.gov/news/speech/speech-hinman-061418

2

auction process as opposed to a public market process, resulting in single ownership (one owner per asset)
instead of fractional ownership (many co-owners of the same asset). For something like the Mona Lisa, an
auction market’s single ownership would essentially represent one “Mona Lisa share” worth $800m
3
(William George & Co., 2018) , whereas market-based fractional ownership could potentially represent
10 million “Mona Lisa shares” worth $80 each. Because there are far more people on Earth who can
afford to spend $80 to own a famous work of art, a more liquid market of buyers and sellers would
emerge, making trades faster and cheaper. Compare this with the slow and expensive illiquid method
today of having to search for a single buyer both willing and able to spend $800m to purchase the
painting.
Another problem solved by fractional ownership is the Orphan Zone. This is what happens to assets
which are simultaneously too large to attract individual investors and too small to attract institutional
investors. These Orphan Zone assets will often be advised to either discount their price until they become
attractive to smaller investors or else wait (often several years) to grow into a valuation large enough to
attract institutional investors. Fractional ownership allows investments of $100 and $100m to sit next to
each other on the cap table, making it more difficult for an asset to fall into the Orphan Zone.
2.3 Increased Liquidity
Liquidity is one of the most important characteristics of well-functioning markets. Simply put, liquidity is
the willingness of prospective buyers to purchase an asset, and the willingness of prospective sellers to
sell an asset. Liquid markets provide traders the ability to trade large size quickly, with minimal
transaction costs, when they deem it prudent to do so, whereas illiquid markets make it difficult to build
exposure or exit positions in an efficient manner.
Liquidity is the object of a bilateral search in which buyers look for sellers, and sellers look for buyers.
When a buyer finds a seller who will trade at mutually acceptable terms, the buyer has found liquidity.
Likewise, when a seller finds a buyer who will trade at mutually acceptable terms, the seller has found
liquidity. This interplay between supply (sellers) and demand (buyers) is referred to as “price discovery,”
and is ultimately responsible for setting the spot price for an asset.
As referenced in the Mona Lisa example from Section 2.2, fractionalization can facilitate more favorable
liquidity on behalf of buyers and sellers, thus allowing them to transact in a frictionless manner. To be
clear, it is not the tokenization process itself that deepens liquidity pools, but the increase in potential
buyers and sellers ​enabled by the fractional ownership feature of tokenization that deepens liquidity
pools. Because investors of illiquid assets take on the risk of not finding a buyer when they want to sell,
they must be incentivized with a discounted price, known as the “Illiquidity Discount.” This discount
applies to all illiquid assets and is estimated to be as high as 20-30% of the assets’ true price. Through the
process of tokenization, markets for previously illiquid asset classes can be optimized, and value currently
trapped in the illiquidity discount can be unlocked.

3

https://wgandco.com/journal/antiques-artwork-collectibles/how-much-is-the-mona-lisa-worth-

3

2.4 Peer-to-Peer Transfer
At the core of the blockchain ethos is the principle of disintermediated transfers of asset ownership. The
STP-Standard upholds this as a core tenet, enabling direct, peer-to-peer token transfers with no third party
involvement. The onchain Compliance Validator confirms that these transfers are executed in accordance
with the pre-programmed rules of the issuer and/or regulator. In this way, the STP-Standard ensures
parties are able to directly transact with each other while ensuring compliance is upheld at the token level.
This feature is not possible in the traditional financial world, and is a core feature of the STP-Standard.

2.5 Automated Compliance
Traditional securities compliance as it exists today is a highly manual process of confirming KYC, AML,
and accreditation status with legal guidance only in the jurisdiction of issuance, and does little to prevent
non-compliant trades, often leading to expensive arbitration occurring years thereafter. However, the level
of transparency provided by tokenization enables brand new features such as real-time capitalization
tables benefitting issuers, auditors, and compliance teams. Tokenized asset compliance confirms legal
compliance at all times, provides clear legal guidance for all jurisdictions included in the protocol and
includes the preventative rejection of non-compliant trades via the token’s code. This represents a
fundamental shift from reactive to proactive compliance which was not possible before regulated STP
offerings.
2.6 New Financial Product Possibilities
The compliant tokenization of assets also enables the creation of brand new financial products. For
example, using the STP-Standard to tokenize ownership of a valuable wine collection would enable the
owner to use that STP-Standard token as collateral for an onchain loan. This example use case further
unlocks value trapped in historically valuable assets and allows it to be put to work in other ways.
Additional digitally-native financial products are being explored and launched as this space matures.

3. STP-Standard
STP Network’s STP-Standard is an open-source standard that defines how ownership of tokenized assets
are generated, issued, sent, and received while complying with all necessary regulations. Everything built
on top of the STP-Standard will use the protocol’s on-chain Compliance Validator to verify compliance
with relevant regulations (in the below example this includes KYC, AML, Accreditation, etc.) as well as
any issuer-specific requirements (i.e. ownership concentration, holding periods, voting). The Validator
Committee will serve an advisory function to ensure the Compliance Validator is enforcing the most
up-to-date legislation at all times. STP Network allows assets the freedom to move across jurisdictions
and platforms in a way that is fully compliant across jurisdictions and platforms.
A depiction of the main STP Network functions is provided below:

4

Alice sends 10 STPT to Bob. First, a request is sent to the Compliance Validator for confirmation that
Bob has successfully passed KYC checks, is an accredited investor, is compliant with the appropriate
AML regulations, and will not be breaking any issuer-imposed restrictions by accepting the tokens (i.e.
majority ownership rules). If any of the conditions are not met, Alice receives a reject reason. Otherwise,
Bob receives the 10 STP tokens.
3.1 Compliance Validator
The on-chain Compliance Validator serves two main functions: Jurisdictional Compliance and Issuer
Compliance. First, it must ensure adherence to the respective laws of the jurisdictions included in the
protocol’s code; second, it must ensure compliance with the parameters and restrictions imposed by the
issuer prior to the issuance of the asset.
3.1.1 Jurisdictional Compliance
For tokenized assets subject to existing regulations (for example, a token constituting a security under a
specific region), certain jurisdictional requirements must be met in order to avoid public filing
requirements. As an example, a jurisdictional restriction may be imposed limiting the number of investors
allowed to participate in the initial offering. While compliance verification of this type of jurisdictional
regulation has traditionally been a highly manual and human capital-intensive process, the STP
Compliance Validator simplifies and expedites the verification process in a provably compliant way.
3.1.2 Issuer Compliance
Absent any jurisdictional restrictions, an issuer may desire specific restrictions on their token’s issuance
and transferability. For example, the issuer of a digital asset with a “one token, one vote” governance
model may wish to ensure that no one investor can own greater than 49% of the outstanding token supply
at a given time, even if 100% of the token supply is in circulation. This is another task at which the STP

5

Compliance Validator’s onchain compliance automation is well-equipped to handle. There are countless
other issuer-specific features programmable via the STP Token Standard including common ones such as
fixed lock-up periods, minimum and/or maximum investment amount, and limitations by accreditation
status.
Jurisdictional and issuer-specific requirements together comprise the Compliance Validator which itself is
the core of the STP Token Standard, ensuring provable compliance of both types is met at the token level
with every trade.
3.2 Token Holder-Elected Validator Committee
In order to ensure the protocol is enforcing compliance ​of the most up-to-date regulatory standards at all
times, an initial committee will be established to validate operational accuracy. It will be comprised of a
token holder-elected group including but not limited to the industry’s leading thought leaders, advisors,
securities lawyers, and regulators across jurisdictions to make sure any changes in the regulatory
landscape are reflected in the protocol. For the provisioning of their services to the STP Network network,
the Validator Committee will be compensated by the network with the network’s native token, STP.
3.2.1 Service Providers
In the case of enforcing issuer-specific parameters, these committees will be comprised of individuals
and/or institutions which token holders believe will ensure the proper structuring of the offering and
maintain the Compliance Validator. For example, prior to initial issuance, the majority token holder
would likely be the project itself which may vote to elect a Validator Committee that includes the
underwriter and the listing exchange in order to ensure proper structuring of the offering. As the token
supply becomes more distributed over time, the token holder community may elect others onto the
Committee in order to uphold the issuer-specific parameters.
In partnership with the Validator Committee, issuers and Validators may elect to include certain service
providers to establish credibility and reliable network functioning. This may include digital identity
solutions such as Civic, Uport, Ontology, Bloom ID; crypto-focused or traditional KYC/AML third
parties like Onfido, Argos-Solutions, Identity Mind Global, and Shufti-Pro; and/or various blockchain
compliance companies including Ciphertrace, Chainalysis, Coinfirm, and the Blockchain Transparency
Institute.

4. STP Token
STP Network’s platform token (STPT) will serve as an incentive structure that aligns all participants and
strengthens the overall network. The token will be necessary for the proper functioning of the network
and have the following utility:

6

4.1 Issuance Fee
I​ssuers can use STP Network to fractionalize legal ownership of their assets or features of their assets
including provisioned resources, profits, etc. ​by creating STP-Standard tokens corresponding to a certain
percentage of ownership. These tokens built on top of the STP Network STP-Standard will conform to the
global regulatory framework embedded in the Compliance Validator, thus removing the burden of
compliance from the issuer. ​For this tokenization process to occur, issuers will pay an initial issuance fee
to the STP Network, denominated in STPT, to initiate the tokenization of their asset. Any issuer-specific
requirements, parameters, and rules around token transfers will be implemented by STP Network into the
Compliance Validator as part of the initial issuance fee.
4.2 Compliance Validator Gas
In order for the Compliance Validator to execute verification that both sides of a transaction (sender and
receiver) comply with all necessary jurisdictional and issuer-specific requirements, a certain amount of
Gas is needed. Gas is a small amount of an STPT token that is used by the smart contract to incentivize
validators to prove that a transaction meets the CV requirements. To enable this, senders of any
STP-Standard token will need to use some amount of STPT tokens as Gas to power the Compliance
Validator when a transaction occurs. This Gas is then pooled and paid out to stakers and Regulatory
Committee members as a reward for honest network behavior.
4.3 Staking
In addition to the prior two use cases of the STPT token, the network also enables a Proof of Stake
mechanism that allows token holders to stake and earn STPT. Specifically, token holders stake an
amount of STPT proportional to their confidence that all Compliance Validator requirements are met, and
they either earn Compliance Validator Gas tokens in return as a reward for honest behavior or else lose
their stake to reward honest stakers.
4.4 Governance
Token holders who desire to stake their STPT tokens will do so by delegating their stake to a
token-elected Validator Committee. The validators who comprise this Committee will earn STPT for
submitting publicly auditable proof that the Compliance Validator matches the laws of their jurisdiction
or is otherwise functioning properly. Given the rational behavior of STP token holders, they will seek to
delegate their stake to credible advisors, partners, and authorities of their market segment or jurisdiction
such as securities lawyers, regulators, and legislators in order to protect their stake. The Validator
Committee STPT rewards should incentivize these groups to participate in a meaningful way and become
integral participants of the STP network.

5. Network Rewards
Below is an articulation of the ideal token reward allocation formula for the STP network assuming no
restraints on computation. Here, ​STPcs​ is the amount of STPT rewards given to contributor ​c for service ​s,​
prior to any normalization of all contributors and services (​STPcs,norm
​
).
​

7

STPcs​ =
​ log​10​(V​cs​) * log​10​(Q​s​) * STP​c
STPcs,norm
​
​ = ​ ​STP​cs​ ​ * M
∑​c∑​
​cs
​ sSTP
​
S​cs
Q​s
STP​c
M

=
=
=
=

Contributor ​c​’s stake in service ​s,​ in STPT tokens
Quantity of service ​s​ contributions to the network within a single time interval
Percentage of contributor ​c’​ s database accessing vs. serving up
Maximum amount of STPT tokens distributed within a single time interval

The first term log​10​(V​cs)​ reflects the contributor’s confidence in the popularity of the dataset. As in
curation markets, contributors may stake greater than the minimum amount if they have high confidence
in their data and receive more STPT accordingly. This reward structure incentivizes Validators to submit
accurate and relevant datasets to the network and earn STPT in return for their contributions. Using log​10
on curation market stake levels the playing field with respect to large token holders, so they are
incentivized to make a greater number of data contributions.

6. STP Ecosystem
To better understand the unique capability of STP to add value in this space, it is important to note the
differences between this new decentralized asset class and traditional finance. ​In a decentralized
ecosystem, network effects are fundamental to any project’s success. In the early stages, community
engagement is achieved by injecting traffic from traffic owners such as exchanges, wallets, investment
banking firms, and similar retail-focused platforms. Traditional assets, on the other hand, are relatively
indifferent between one large owner vs. many small owners. Concentration matters less when the business
model doesn’t rely on community-based network effects. However, for digital assets to succeed, they
require widespread token distribution, not high concentration. This is not only in-line with the blockchain
community’s ethos of decentralization, but also helps spur the necessary network effects critical for a
token’s chance of success. The best token distribution models for projects optimize for wide distribution
among many participants.. The STP ecosystem will develop to facilitate this through its protocol and
existing network of key players in this environment.

​6.1 Competitive Advantages

6.1.1 Experience:
STP’s leadership team has many years of experience in both the traditional finance and blockchain
industries. The combination of investment banking experience and a deep understanding of digital assets
enables the application of operational professionalism to the emergent asset class of blockchain-based
products. Over the last few years, the team has worked directly with many renowned blockchain projects
including Aelf, Algorand, Basic Attention Token, Decentraland, Hedera Hashgraph, Ontology, Theta,
Zilliqa, and many others. In addition to its existing relationships with blockchain projects, the team also

8

has existing strategic relationships with global exchanges (Bitfinex, Bittrex, BitMax, Huobi, etc.), top
blockchain media (Coindesk, Cryptobriefing, BlockInPress, JingSe, etc.) and crypto investment funds
(FBG Capital, GBIC, NEO Global Capital, etc.)
6.1.2 Global Presence:
Additionally, the STP team is globally decentralized with multiple hubs in the major cities of key
blockchain regions such as China, Korea, and the United States. STP also has a growing presence in
various other emerging markets such as Russia, India, and Southeast Asia which will allow for those
regions to participate in the STP Ecosystem in a meaningful way. Over the past several years, the team
has hosted countless offline hackathons, meetups, and annual conferences as well as online AMAs, live
interviews, and more, leading to a large following of blockchain-focused users, developers, and
participants. By leveraging its relationships with key industry players and key industry regions, STP will
help launch and develop digital assets by providing all the resources necessary to achieve proper network
effects and decentralization.

6.2 Use cases
Having built strong relationships with both crypto projects as well as communities, STP Network will
utilize its STP token to develop important use cases through its unique position in the blockchain
ecosystem. Beginning with the compliant tokenization of new types of decentralized financial products
and assets, STP could then embed community building features for projects and their communities to
encourage participation, reward active engagement, and maximize awareness. Leveraging its unique
industry position, STP could help its ecosystem partners (global media outlets, exchange partners, funds,
service providers, etc.) reach the community base they need, while at the same time helping individuals
from its massive global following get educated and connected with those same ecosystem partners. The
STP token will enable both sides to connect in a trustless, efficient, and incentive-driven way that hasn’t
been possible before.

7. Conclusion
STP Network sets a new global standard for the issuance of all types of digital assets. The decentralized
smart contract platform utilizes the native STP token to ensure that compliance considerations (both
jurisdictional and issuer-specific) are met at the token level. Since each STP token adheres to the
Compliance Validator’s parameters, the burden of regulatory compliance is removed from the issuer and
each token interaction can be proven to be compliant with the Validator restrictions. The STP token
facilitates the incentive alignment of network participants by rewarding honest actors and stakers with
STP tokens for their respective roles in maintaining the integrity and performance of the STP network.
STP helps set the standard for a new method of fundraising and issuance that is more transparent,
accessible, compliant, and efficient in today’s digital world.

9

APPENDIX
STP Network: ​Roadmap
November 2018

STP Network Founded
The concept for a tokenization standard is created when the founders draft an
initial idea of token-level compliance aimed at solving the problems of current
fundraising options as they exist today.

April 2019

Whitepaper Release
Version 1.0.0 release of the STP whitepaper, using feedback from key industry
players to finalize the concept and lay out the high-level roadmap for the
network.

April 2019

STP Private Sale
During the Private Sale of STPT tokens, 30% of the tokens will be sold, allowing
early investors to help bootstrap the network for the next phase of development
and engage as network participants.

June 2019

STP Launch Pad Offering
The Public Sale of STPT tokens is planned for 2Q 2019 on a Launch Pad
offering. After token distribution, we will hold the first token-holder election for
the STP Validator Committee.

September 2019

Inaugural Issuance
This will mark the first issuance built using the STP-Standard as well as
the beginning of a new global phase of asset tokenization and token-level
compliant fundraising. STP Network will look to help any
issuer who wishes to tokenize their asset in a compliant manner.

February 2020

Data Service Provider Partnerships
Build partnerships with global and regional service providers, including legal
teams, token advisors, developer communities, regulatory bodies, data analytics
platforms, and other groups which may assist in helping issuers meet their needs.

1Q 2021 (est.)

White Label Offering
Depending on future market conditions, STP Network may work with other
exchanges, entities, and token issuing teams to offer all or some services under a
whitelabel service. This may be targeted at enterprise and governmental bodies
for large scale tokenization projects.

10

2Q 2021 (est.)

New Financial Products Issuance
The STP Network team is actively exploring the possibility and
potential benefits of issuing new decentralized financial products on its platform.
These are assets that are currently being developed and have the potential to be
widespread by this time.

STP Network

Team
Mike Chen: Chief Executive Officer
Sinhae Lee: Chief Operating Officer
Richard Lee: Co-Founder
Nathan Montone: Co-Founder

Advisors
Vincent Zhou: Founding Partner at FBG Capital
George Cao: CEO and Founder at BitMax

Strategic Partnerships
GBIC, FBG Capital, Block72, BitMax

Disclaimer
This white paper (“White Paper”) is meant to describe the currently anticipated plans of STP Network
(“STP Network”) for developing a new blockchain token mechanism (“STP Network”), which will be an
open source standard that defines a mechanism in which digital assets can be compliantly issued and
subsequently transferred on a blockchain (the “STP Network Standard”). Nothing in this document should
be treated as a guarantee of how the STP Token or STP Network Standard will develop or of the utility or
value of the STP Token or STP Network Standard. This White Paper outlines STP Network’s current
plans, which could change at its discretion, and the success of which will depend on many factors outside
STP Network’s control, including market-based factors and factors within the digital asset industry,

11

among others. Any statements about future events are based solely on STP Network’s analysis of the
issues described in the document which may or may not prove to be correct.
This document does not constitute an offer or sale of the STP Tokens or any other mechanism for
purchasing STP Tokens (such as, without limitation, a “Simple Agreement for Future Tokens” related to
the STP Tokens). Any offer or sale of the STP Tokens or any related instrument will occur only based on
definitive offering documents for the STP Tokens or the applicable instrument.

12

