SUBX
WHITEPAPER

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.Introduction
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4
1.5
1.6
1.7
1.8
1.9

- The Success Of Bitcoin
- Real Implementation
- Open Governance
- The Problems Of Bitcoin
- Too Complicated
- Not Relevant
- The Solution
- Real Implementation
- Incentivization

2.Vision
3.Mission
3.1 - The first million
3.2 - Benefits
4.Problem
4.1 - Complexity
4.2 - The Mobile Wallet
4.3 - P2P Payments
5. The Solution
6. SUBX Mobile Wallet
6.1 - Time Frame
7. SUBX Payment Request
8. SUBX Platform
8.1 - What Is the SUBX Platform?

9. SUBX Blockchain
9.1 – Connecting The World
10. Progress To Date
11. SUBX Roadmap
12. Compliance
12.1 - Legal Compliance
13. The SUBX Team
13.1 – Team Members
14. Legal & Ownership
15. Jurisdiction Risks
15.1 - Indonesia
15.2 - Malaysia
15.3 – Thailand
16. Risks & Indemnity
16.1 – Anti-Money Laundering (AML)
16.2 – Countering the Financing of Terrorism (CFT)
16.3 – Purchasers Obligation
16.4 – Statement
16.5 – Language
16.6 – Confidentiality
16.7 – Speculative Project
17. Contact

1.Introduction
Satoshi Nakamoto’s seminal Bitcoin white paper proposed a revolutionary new digital
currency. But it was based on its predecessor Hashcash and the proof-of-work concept was
originally proposed by Dwork and Naor in 19921 as a means of combatting junk email.

1.1. The success of Bitcoin
So why did Bitcoin achieve such explosive economic value while its predecessors were
mostly of academic interest only?

1.2. Real Implementation
More than just a white paper, “Satoshi” released the open source reference
implementation in 2009. Because Bitcoin itself was more than just a white paper, but an
actual working system, it was able to capture the imagination of developers and leverage
the paradigm of open source software development to quickly iterate and improve into a
global-class financial infrastructure.

1.3. Open Governance
More importantly, Bitcoin is an open system that allows for evolution through forking and as
such provides an assurance of its long-term trustworthiness. If stakeholders ever get upset
with the direction of Bitcoin, they can and already have produced forks that users and
miners can migrate to if they see fit.

1.4.The Problems of Bitcoin

The biggest problem with Bitcoin at the moment is that it has not broken out into
mainstream adoption. One study pegs the number of active cryptocurrency users to
between 2.9 and 5.8 million2.
This paper proposes a solution for adding a billion users to the cryptocurrency movement
by
adding two key elements missing in order to provide significant adoption by
mainstream users. The next billion users have not yet entered cryptocurrency for two main
reasons:

1.5. Too complicated

Cryptocurrency suffers from complexity for the average user. Managing private keys, public
keys, blockchain concepts—it’s all vastly out of the reach of the average user. In some cases,
the next Billion users may even barely be able to operate a smartphone.

1.6.Not Relevant

Today, the only thing you can buy with a cryptocurrency are other cryptocurrencies. The
vast majority of people are not involved with this process and no interest. Until the average
user can use cryptocurrency to buy a bag of rice or a loaf of bread, the relevancy of
cryptocurrency will be restricted to a small audience.

1.7.The Solution

This paper presents SUBX, a platform for consumerizing cryptocurrencies by enabling their
use in retail Point of Sale (POS) through a mobile payment app.
Following in the footsteps of Bitcoin, SUBX has the same properties of Real
Implementation, Open Governance and Incentivization that allows for the rapid global
expansion of the solution.

1.8.Real Implementation
SUBX is a complete end-to-end solution for mobile retail point-of sale (POS) including a
full-stack reference implementation of all the components. It includes a mobile
application with a payment system. All of these components will be made widely
available through open source and open specifications.

1.9.Incentivization

The SUBX network incentivizes participation through providing free hardware to retail
stores in the initial target geography of Asia. Users are incentivized to participate in the
SUBX network through accessibility and ease of use and the convenience of mobile
payment.

With a solution that decreases complexity and adds relevance of cryptocurrencies to end
users, we will see rapid mainstream adoption of cryptocurrencies and the merging of the
crypto-economy

2.VISION
The Next Million Crypto Users
SUBX will help to generate demand for new and old, as well as big and small
cryptocurrencies. No other online cryptocurrency exchange can bring in new cryptocurrency
users from this segment and in the same number, thanks to our powerful focus on
attracting the consumer market.
From 1000 to 1 million with future growth in mind, let’s look at some relevant statistics as
of October 2018:
- Bitcoin price is approximately USD 6,192 - Bitcoin market capitalization is approximately
USD 100 billion - Trading frequency is 250,000 times - Trade volume is USD 900 million.
With trading volume accounting for 1.1% of total volume, the reason bitcoin had such
respectable numbers is because there may be as many as 5.8 and 11.5 million - an average
of 8.7 million - active wallets. However, the global bitcoin wallet ownership numbers do not
even reach 2% of the population of South East Asia.

Just take a few Minutes to absorb this information. what if we could introduce 1 million,
even 2 million users. what kind of impact would this have on the cryptocurrency landscape
of SUBX?

1 million users in 3 years

SUBX is concentrating initial traction efforts on Asia. We have local team with a deep
understanding of the Asian market - plus we have track record, connections and products to
match the local market’s needs.
We will spend the next two years building an extensive coverage of convenience stores,
shopping malls, retail shops, chain outlets, cafe, restaurants and other outlets. We will use
SUBX apps to coverage an even greater number of smaller sellers. Our goal is for users to be
able to buy and spend SUBX within a 5-minute walk of any location in Asia and Europe. With
our initial outreach in Asia, we intend to expand into other countries such as, Malaysia,
Singapore, Japan and other regional markets simultaneously. Our plan is to cover the whole
of Asia within three years. At the same time, we will explore other parts of Asia, the
Americas and Europe using our open source and open specification for adoption of our
protocol. In this way we can achieve our objectives in sales of cryptocurrency; usage of
cryptocurrency; and growth of cryptocurrency.

SUBX will be provided as open source and the hardware reference implementation
specifications will be provided under Creative Commons. SUBX solution will therefore be
readily deployable across the world in regions outside of Indonesia. With these international
deployments, SUBX will be able to reach the desired user mark.

3.Mission
3.1. The first million
Cryptocurrencies, while capturing the imagination of 1000 people has almost no meaning or
value to most of the world.
SUBX seeks to bring cryptocurrency to the first million users.

3.2. Benefits
By achieving this goal, SUBX will help increase the value of cryptocurrency for all users
around the globe bringing with it a stable market to use.

4.Problem
4.1 Complexity
One of the hardest problems in crypto is how to radically reduce the complexity of handling
cryptocurrency. SUBX solves this problem through several end users’ layers including a
mobile wallet with an implemented payment system

4.2 The Mobile Wallet
The mobile wallet is a helpful component because it solves the handling of private and
public keys. Instead of managing a long and complicated blockchain public key, it may be
preferable for end users to simply maintain a password-based system that is much more
familiar. Increasingly mobile devices can be secured by fingerprint or face recognition, so
even the password may become too complex for many users and in fact a point where the
complexity can help create a security risk. With the mobile wallet there also will be a
website with all the information on to learn more about SUBX and also where you can track
your transactions via the panel.

4.3 P2P Payments
Peer2Peer Payments will be made easier between a buisness or a group of people with the
mobile wallet enabling them to make fast and swift payments with no limits, using SUBX
cuts out the middleman which slows down the processing in normal banks, with SUBX you
can send a payment within seconds to the receiver and will be able to track it with our own
made block explorer giving you ease of mind.

5. Solution
SUBX aims to bring in the First million SUBX users as it allows users to buy cryptocurrency
anywhere at anytime. This will make SUBX the world’s largest It is ‘decentralized’ because
the ecosystem and transaction records live on the blockchain.
SUBX allows for two customer use cases. It enables users to: 1) Buy or Sell cryptocurrencies
through a P2P. 2) Use SUBX to goods anywhere at any time and Buy anything using
cryptocurrency through the SUBX Mobile Wallet,
SUBX consists of:
• SUBX Mobile App – Once the mobile wallet has been fully developed it will let the user
have a wide range of options to use it for such as buy more SUBX via the app or even sell
SUBX via the app for cash. It will also allow you to send payments from person to person
and track them in app
• SUBX Platform - a reference implementation stack including software and hardware that
performs the full Point of Sale (POS) device function I,e mobile application will have all the
necessary tools you require to fully complete your daily transactions in 1 tap of a button.

Effectively, SUBX will become:
1. Asia’s Largest Used Coin for Day to Day Payments
2.Your very own Crypto Portable Wallet.
3.An Offline Crypto exchange allowing for meeting people to sell SUBX in person.

6. SUBX Mobile App

Existing SUBX App/Bot are expected to promote the rapid growth of SUBX once it is
released. Since October 2018, SUBX has been Working on the mobile wallet to get it
circulated as soon as possible, when the SUBX mobile wallet is released it will be available to
download on the android app store for free and within seconds

We will also be looking at adding different markets to the mobile wallet once it has been
fully developed such as being able to buy virtual currency for games or even buying that
special someone something with SUBX on amazon
6.1 Time Frame
As it is not an easy task to build a Mobile wallet there Is a time frame set for 1 month to give
the team developing it enough time to test it for bugs and security flaws, then they will look
at implementing different markets onto the app for ease of access. Once it has been fully
tested it will be released all social media channels for download.

7. SUBX Payment Request
On the app you will be able to request funds from customers by sending them a notification
through app which will then allow them to pay the owed amount for the product they have
received or you can even request payments from people you have met when you have sold
SUBX privately making it easier to pay with just a click of a button.

8. SUBX Platform
Starting with Asia, our team aims to provide retail outlets, restaurants and convenience stores with
the SUBX mobile app allowing them to accept payments in cryptocurrency and opening there
buisness to a wider range of people who prefer to use crypto for their daily purchases such.
The SUBX mobile app will have a extra feature for business owners to allow them to have more
control of what they can do and request. For example there will be an extra option to alert the
customer of what they need to pay for there products. This will be a lot easier then messing with
lose change trying to find the right amount. The SUBX mobile wallet will save the customer and
buisness a lot of time allowing for more customers to be seen quick and efficiently.

9. SUBX Blockchain

Every SUBX app will be connected to the SUBX Blockchain via XPlugins. As a result, each
physical outlet is part of the SUBX blockchain allowing for tracking of transactions and
communities from all over the world will be able to connect with it.
9.1 Connecting the world
SUBX will be widely available from any part of the world on your devices or computers but
this isn’t enough, we plan to allows businesses to sell SUBX to its customers for a premium
price allowing the buisness to gain more attractions and to allow the customers to top up
there wallet anywhere they are.

10. Progress to Date
SUBX has been launched by
the SUBX team which has
already developed a highly
successful desktop wallet for
the whole markets that have
grown rapidly among the
communities to become some
famous in some parts of the
world.
SUBX is aiming to become the
largest known subsat coins in
the crypto community by
promoting it to new and old
communities.
SUBX is also the first coin to have a stable blockchain that can hold 2 Trillion coins and a
wallet that can hold over 96 Billion coins at one time, it is also the first coin to have a
automatic paying airdrop bot on its discord which is a major advantage which cuts down
time by 99% and saving the developers a lot of time doing it manually.

11. Roadmap
Q1 . Develop Stable SubInvest Coin with Stable Blockchain Technology And Wallet
using the best software available also to be released with block explorer for user to
track transactions anywhere in the world

Q2. List SUBX onto exchanges that will bring in many investors and communities who
can use subx to there benefit and for the there businesses, also to be developed
(SUBX mobile wallet which you can send and request payments from any person
while knowing your coins are safe at all times while there with you.

Q3. Release SUBX mobile application to the communities and approach businesses
for trial runs and offer them the SUBX technology at no cost to themselves allowing
them to have more confidence in the system and allowing them to open to a wider
range of customer.

Q4. After trial run of SUBX wallet to businesses it is our aim to fully distribute
handheld systems in the future where you can simplify scan a generated QR code
with your device allowing quick payment to the person or buisness your are
acquiring the SUBX or product off saving time.

12. Compliance
12.1. Legal compliance
SubInvest Limited is registered in the United Kingdom. We adhere to the United Kingdom
Financial Service Authority rule by complying with the Virtual Currency Business’s Sector
Specific AML/CFT Guidance Notes; 2012 Digital Data Protection Act; 2006 Companies Act
1996 Transfer of Securities Act and 2009 Anti Money Laundering Guideline Notes;

13. The SUBX Team
Brewin95 (Developer Of SUBX)
Brewin95 has had only 2 years of Experience in the cryptocurrency world
but has continued to show great commitment for SUBX and is working on
bring the coin to the big exchanges. Brewin95 is also the developer of EXIST
which was his first coin which he continues to develop alongside his EXIST
Team.
Discord: https://discord.gg/6n5Q4vs
Website: http://www.subxcoin.com/

G420 (Developer Of INFO & K2X)
Gerome has many years of experience in the cryptocurrency world and is well
known to many communities for coding and coin building skills, SUBX
wouldn’t be here today if it was for him breaking through the barriers of
coding allowing him to develop the first ever stable Blockchain for a high
supply coin also leading to the first ever wallet to be stable to hold over 100
Billion coins the first for the world.
Discord: https://discord.gg/wyXZE27
Website: https://cryptoinforum.com/

BTCNOMAD (Developer Of NMD)
Nomad also has many years of experience with cryptocurrency’s, without him
sub would have no site which would be a major downfall, with his skills he has
managed to build a completely new website for SUBX which is a major
upgrade to the old one. He is also updating the site everyday to add in new
information to make sure every community member is kept up to date with
there SUBX news.
Discord:
Website: nomadcoin.net

14. Legal & Ownership
SubInvest Limited is a registered private limited company in the Isle of Man, which is the
legal entity that owns the SUBX Payment App and also takes responsibility for SUBX
distribution, management, disposal of coin and other business activities.

15. Jurisdiction Risks
15.1 – Indonesia
SubInvest Applications are distributed and promoted in Indonesia through Google Play and
the iOS AppStore. They use SUBX technologies and coins. The Indonesian authority has

stated that cryptocurrency can be bought and sold as virtual goods. However, it is not
allowed to be treated as currency. We will abide by this rule.
15.2 – Malaysia
We will be actively seeking advice from the government of Malaysia in the future to
participate in digital payment.
15.3 – Thailand
Thailand has allowed the trading of cryptocurrency, and the country is a host to several
token and blockchain companies including OmiseGo. Thailand will be on our list as a target
market.

16. Risks & Indemnity
The information contained in this Offering Memorandum (or white paper, hereinafter
‘Memorandum’ ) is intended only for the persons to whom it is transmitted for the purposes
of evaluating SUBX Coins offered hereby. Prospective purchasers should not only rely on the
information in this Offering Memorandum. We strongly encourage Purchasers to do their
own research. No persons are authorized to give any information or make any
representation in respect of the Project or the coin offered herein and any such information
or representation must not be relied upon. This Offering is a private placement and is not,
and under no circumstances is to be construed as, a public offering. SUBX coins are being
offered in reliance upon exemptions from the registration and disclosure requirements set
forth in applicable legislation. This Offering Memorandum does not constitute an offer for
sale of securities for sale, nor a solicitation for offers to buy any securities.

16.1. Anti-Money Laundering (AML)
Purchasers agree that he or she shall not participate any money laundering, illegal currency
exchange and other restricted activities in any form via SubInvest Coin and other relevant
derivatives (if any). Each purchaser shall understand that he or she will be restricted from
selling, exchanging and disposal the SubInvest Coin and other relevant derivatives directly or
indirectly for the purpose of Money Laundering.
16.2. Countering the Financing of Terrorism (CFT)
Purchaser agrees that he or she shall not participate in any financing, exchanging and
supporting activities for the purpose of financing of terrorism via SubInvest Coin and other
relevant derivatives (if any). Purchaser shall understand that he or she will be restricted
from selling, exchanging or disposing of the SubInvest Coin and other relevant derivatives
for the purpose of Financing of Terrorism.

16.3. Purchasers’ Obligation
Due to legality issues, this Offering is being made to, and subscriptions will only be accepted
from, persons resident or citizen not in following regions or countries, including but not
limited to Mainland China, United States, Malaysia and other regions or countries that
forbid ICOs. This Offering is being made pursuant to certain exemptions contained in the
United Kingdoms Designated Business Act.

16.4. Statement
Due to the frequent changes in the relevant policy, law and regulation, technical, economic
and other factors, the information provided in this Offering Memorandum might not be
accurate, reliable and final, and may change on multiple occasions.
THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IS FOR REFERENCE ONLY. The Team shall not be responsible
for the accuracy and legitimacy of the information provided. Prospective purchasers should
not only rely on the information in this Offering Memorandum. We encourage Purchasers to
do their own research.
In essence, this memorandum is a business proposal or business promotion documents; it
shall not in any case be legally binding. The content stated in this document is just for
reference, Coin buyers shall take extra precautions.

16.5. Language
This document may have several language versions, if case of any dispute; we shall refer to
the English version as final.

16.6. Confidentiality
This Offering Memorandum is confidential and has been prepared solely for delivery to and
review by selected prospective purchasers of the Coin offered hereby. Distribution of this
Offering Memorandum to any person other than the person to whom it is delivered and
those persons, if any, retained to advise such person with respect thereto is unauthorized,
and any disclosure of any of its contents without the prior written consent of the
Corporation is prohibited. This copy of the Offering Memorandum is personal to the person
to whom it is delivered and does not constitute an offer to any other person or to the public
generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the token offered hereby.

16.7. THIS IS A SPECULATIVE PROJECT
The offer of SUBX Coins in this Memorandum must be regarded as highly speculative due to
the nature of the Corporation’s business and its relatively early stage of development.

Purchasers shall understand the underlying risk. The purchase of the tokens is suitable only
for purchasers who are able to accept the risks inherent in the Project’s business. In
addition, there are a number of other risk factors that should be considered by persons
proposing to purchase the Subinvest Coin.

17. Contacts
Email: EXIST-NOW@outlook.com
Discord: https://discord.gg/s5xC4Jq
Twitter: https://twitter.com/SUBX15?lang=en
Telegram: https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAEW8Nn0a0seTUGzNww
Website: http://www.subxcoin.com/

