Whitepaper
Version 1.0
Release date: 15 October 2018

CONTENTS
1. Executive Summary ...................................................

3

1.1 The Problems.................................................................

3

2. Comprehensive Solutions ......................................

4

3. Understanding SUQA ...............................................

5

4. Features .............................................................................

6

5. Benefits ..............................................................................

8

6. Mining .................................................................................

9

7. Technical Specifications..........................................

11

8. SUQA Foundation .......................................................

13

8.1 SUQA for Cryptolancers .......................................

14

8.2 SUQA for Blockchain Startups.........................

14

8.3 SUQA for Charity ......................................................

14

9. Roadmap ..........................................................................

15

10. Team .................................................................................

16

2

1. Introduction
1. Introduction
SUQA is a new Peer-to-Peer digital currency with numerous advantages over
recent predecessors. This paper will review legacy blockchain problems and
how SUQA’s feature rich protocol provides smart solutions.
1.1. The Problems
Talk of 'the blockchain' is inescapable. It is mentioned on an almost daily basis
by newspapers, financial pundits, YouTubers, and so many other media sources.
But despite the overwhelming buzz that surrounds distributed ledger technology
(DLT), the adoption of blockchain‐based platforms by institutions and
businesses isn't anywhere near as overwhelming.
Only 15% of the top commercial banks in the world planned to launch full-scale
commercial blockchains in 2017. Similarly, in comparison to the hundreds of
ICOs being launched every month, there are few examples of companies
actually using blockchain services for day‐to‐day purposes.
Moreover, trust is paramount in the blockchain and cryptocurrency domain. ICO
and Pre‐Mined coin scams have made miners and investors cautious. Our
community keeps growing while demanding more sustainably profitable coins.
Use cases are evaluated more carefully than ever with an interest in perpetually
profitable coins which prove useful in daily real-life situations. Unfortunately,
there are few coins integrated so pragmatically in today’s cryptocurrency
ecosystem.
1 - Lack of recognition and adoption of blockchain and digital payments.
2 - Lack of coins which are being used in real life ecosystems.
3 - Lack of Trust in cryptocurrency domain.
4 - Centralization threat from ASIC and FPGA companies.
5 - Quantum Attack threat from future Quantum Computers.
6 - Need for a new complex, secure, ASIC and FPGA resistant, memory
optimized, post quantum algorithm for constant dynamic
decentralization.

3

Comprehensive Solutions
2. Our Solution
The SUQA blockchain runs on the first-ever X22i POW algorithm. It is available
to the average ordinary CPU and GPU miner with the goal of egalitarian mining.
X22i is developed to be ASIC, FPGA and Quantum Computing resistant to
assure the decentralized consensus mechanism.
Having a new, unique ASIC, FPGA, Quantum resistant algorithm is very helpful
for the mining community and solves numerous problems for miners. Mining
sources can be as ubiquitous and inexpensive as the vast array of CPUs and
GPUs available. This means hardware used to mine the coins is readily
available which guards against the centralization threat from ASIC and FPGA
Companies. Apart from this, SUQA is keen on the incentive factors such as
providing interest for time-locked coins.
For example, SUQA also gives investors 5% Annual Percentage Rate (APR)
interest from term deposits even in the case when the wallet is offline. Having
up to 5% APR interest for monthly time locked coins is beneficial for investors.
Furthermore, as SUQA has No ICO, No Pre‐mine, No Masternodes and Presale of
the coins, its very much beneficial to the investors and miners.
But this is not enough to make SUQA profitable in the near and long term. True
value generation can only come through integration and use throughout the
existing cryptocurrency ecosystem. SUQA has also solved this problem by
introducing SUQA foundation which is the ecosystem for SUQA.
SUQA's mission is to encourage not only veterans of the blockchain community
but also newcomers in the community to make using the SUQA ecosystem
attractive. SUQA gives big rewards transparently without taking exorbitant
transaction fees. SUQA rewards cryptocurrency startups, cryptolancers, and
charities by assuring zero-fee transactions inside its ecosystem. This incentive
payment comes from the founders' fee rewards and from donations. SUQA
blockchain will bring trust and decentralization to make the blockchain
community grow and will keep paying rewards until the last mined SUQA coin.

4

Understanding SUQA
3. How SUQA Works
SUQA is the crypto evangelist coin created to help and enlarge the crypto
community for mass adoption of the technology by giving meaningful rewards!
The SUQA community supports Foundation activities by mining or donating. This
funding model makes sure there is a constant availability of coins to be used for all
the rewards, activities and expenses of the foundation. As shown in the diagram,
coins mined through SUQA blockchain rewards can be used in 2 ways. The first way
is just to hold the coin and earn the APR interest on them, the other one is by using
the coins in SUQA ecosystem.

5

Features (What Makes SUQA Different)
4. Features
SUQA has numerous features focused on miner and investor profitability. Major
SUQA features include:
A. Speed:
Fastest POW coin at 533 transactions per second. This means 75 times more
scalability than Bitcoin.
B. Rewarding:
Investors can earn 5% APR interest from term deposits even if the wallet is
offline. First 3 months monthly term deposit APR will be 25% APR to encourage
early adopters and investors. Friends, colleagues, and business partners can also
send SUQA coins to time-locked addresses for friendly gifts or as a matter of a
business agreement.
C. Almost No Transaction Fees:
SUQA makes instant payments with incredibly low fees. Using blockchain
technology, transactions are performed directly between two digital wallets.
D. Protection
To ensure the safety of the SUQA ecosystem, SUQA has implemented full replay
protection and unique wallet addresses. More importantly ASIC, FPGA and Quantum
Attack protection make SUQA a very secure and future‐proof digital currency.
E. Transparency
SUQA is a free open-source project that is built by expert blockchain developers
and supported by a rapidly growing community of blockchain enthusiasts which
spans the globe.

6

ASIC ATTACK

DECENTRALIZED

X22i

X22i

CONSENSUS
FPGA ATTACK

QUANTUM
COMPUTER
ATTACK

7

Benefits (Competitive Advantage)
5. Benefits
One of the outstanding features of SUQA is time locked interest. To make the
process fair and transparent, interest will be handled and guaranteed in the
blockchain. Time‐Locked Interest provides users the ability to earn from their
term deposits for up to 5% APR when time‐locked up to 4 weeks.
Interest favors short, mid and long term investors to Time‐Lock their balances
on locally owned and privately secured wallets. This is far more secure and
functional when compared to the traditional trust required in traditional
banking systems. No more lines, security cameras, or forms to fill out. Simply
choose your terms in your locally controlled wallet and enjoy the guaranteed 5%
APR. Unlike some other coins, investors can earn through SUQA just by
HODL’ing it!

SUQA Foundation takes
9.09% founders fee from
every mined block.
1.75% of founders fee for
Marketing and Bounties.
2.2% of founders fee for
exchanges listing, investors,
unforeseen expenses etc
0.5% Websites
Development and Hosting.
0.1% Legal fees
2.5 % for Developers
2.5% of founders fee for
SUQA Foundation
Rewards.

8

Mining
6. Mining
SUQA developers have innovated a new mining algorithm which is not
dominated by ASICs or hashpower renting services. SUQA’s new POW mining
algorithm called X22i also requires a new miner which is now readily available.
The coin is proof of work meaning that it can be mined with GPUs and CPUs.
The most interesting thing about the X22i algorithm is the quantum resistant
part in the algorithm chain called SWIFFTX and the promise that the project will
remain FPGA and ASIC resistant.
SUQA made the mining process a lot more easier. CPU mining will be available
from the desktop wallet with a simple “one-click” button to quickly activate
CPU mining. GPU mining will be available from our open source GPU miner just
by adding the server and wallet address.
Miners will also appreciate SUQA’s efficiency and reduced heat profile. SUQA
proves that mining operations don’t have to maximize power consumption and
heat output in order to be ASIC/FPGA/Quantum resistant. For larger miners this
can mean easier scalability with less cooling and ventilation requirements.
Following are the details about mining:
Block Time
Max Block Size
Max transaction per second

: 2 minutes
: 16mb
: 533 tx/s

Block Rewards
1 to 22,000 : 10,000 = 220,000,000
22,001 to 50,000 : 5,000 = 139,995,000
50,001 to 100,000 : 2.500 = 124,997,500
100,001 to 200,000 : 1.250 = 124,998,750
200,001 to 400.000 : 625 = 124,999,375
400,001 to 1,500,000 : 312,5 = 343,749,688
TOTAL SUPPLY: 1,078,740,313 plus 9.09% for founders fee will be mined in 5.78 years
MAX TOTAL: 1,186,614,344 SUQA

9

X22i Internal State Width Chart
80Byte header

X11
64Byte

Hamsi512
64Byte

Fugue512
64Byte

64Byte

Shabal512

64Byte

Whirpool512
64Byte

64Byte

64Byte

SHA512
64Byte

Hash Concatenation
256Byte

SWIFFTX512
64Byte

Haval256
32Byte + 32Byte zero-padding

Tiger192
24Byte + 8Byte zero-padding

Iyra2v2_256
32Byte + 32Byte zero-padding

Streebog512
64Byte

SHA256

32byte output

10

Technical Specifications
7. Technical Specifications
X22i pursues the goal of ASIC and FPGA resistance by implementing multiple
additional features over outdated proof of work algorithm chains like X11. For
example, SUQA raises the memory requirements by a factor of four which is not
a problem for CPU and GPU but much harder for FPGA and ASIC, as they need
to either use commodity RAM (giving them no advantage over CPU and GPU) or
implement more internal ram, increasing the chip space needed.
Another advantage over the classic PoW algorithms is a much longer algorithm
chain. 22 algorithms create the need for a lot of chip space to implement the
whole chain which is hugely cost-prohibitive for FPGA and ASIC.
Finally, the bigger plan evolving around X22i is to increase the chain size with
further hashing stages (X23i, X24i, etc) to be released periodically. This approach
forces the chip designers to revise the design often, meaning more costs and
less time for actually using the chip for mining. Moreover, making the chain
progressively longer addresses the concern of future FPGA chips bigger in size,
and being possibly able to fit the whole X22i chain in a single chip.
X22i Algorithm is the newest, most complex, and advanced quantum resistant
algorithm for the millions of POW miners. It is also one of the most power
efficient hash algorithms. “I” stands for the 22 algorithms intelligence and it is
not just another clone or a copycat of another algorithm. Instead, it has
optimization potential for all the CUDA and OPENCL Developers because of the
added Post Quantum algorithm SWIFFTX before the new algorithm that will be
added to the chain in the upcoming hardfork.
New POW algorithm provides the following advantages:
Adding a quantum resistant part in the algorithm chain (SWIFFTX)
Boosts memory requirements four times. Not a problem for CPU and
GPU but much harder for FPGA and ASIC
Much longer algorithm chain: 22 algorithms create the need for a lot of
chip space to implement the whole chain, very cost un‐effective for
FPGAS and ASICS
Hard fork about every 6 months to update ASIC and FPGA resistant
algorithm for guaranteed decentralization
11

SUQA BLOCKCHAIN
REWARDS

SUQA FOUNDATION
ECOSYSTEM

BLOCKCHAIN
STARTUPS

CRYPTOLANCERS

CHARITIES

12

SUQA Foundation (Ecosystem for SUQA)
8. SUQA Foundation
SUQA Foundation is a Decentralized Autonomous Philanthropist Organization that
rewards everyone inside its ecosystem generously, securely, and transparently. This
is done without fees to foster the growth of the blockchain. SUQA Foundation will
handle all the necessary marketing and development for the SUQA currency. This
includes liquidation, finance for listing on all promised and guaranteed major
exchanges, legal handlings, 3 decentralized websites as well as development and
marketing for the web projects.
So, how does this SUQA foundation ecosystem make people spend SUQA? Well,
SUQA Foundation will create great value inside its ecosystem to incentivize new
users buy SUQA from trusted exchanges. SUQA foundation serving as a hub for
Cryptolancers, Blockchain Startups, and Charities means a vibrant ecosystem.
SUQA.ORG is the central hub of SUQA FOUNDATION. The idea of SUQA is to help
people using blockchain and grow the blockchain by the help of people. This
community is created for sharing. Everybody will share and everybody will win.
The SUQA Blockchain will grow eventually and become an ordinary thing in real life.
Our target is to make that process faster and trustworthy while also fostering a
community of inclusion. The future will be decentralized and we are here to help
make that happen!
In the spirit of inclusion, SUQA has engineered a long-term and multifaceted
bounty program. SUQA Foundation bounties are paid to 30-day time-locked
SUQA addresses meaning more stability for our community. Every month for the
first year, 1 million SUQA will be rewarded from SUQA Foundation. After the first
year, bounty rewards from the SUQA funds are halved to 500,000 SUQA. In all, a
total of 30 million SUQA will be given away as bounty and rewards for 5.78 years.
An additional 1 million SUQA is to be made available for a social media campaign
beginning 25 October, 2018. Other bounty programs within the community are also
possible. When the last coin will be mined in 5.78 years, there will be millions of
SUQA currency within the SUQA Foundation ecosystem and this will result in
greater scarcity.
There will be 3 internal child sites inside the SUQA.ORG and they will contain
Blockchain Start‐ups, Cryptolancers and Charities’. In order to be on the list for the
Start‐ups, Cryptolancers and Charities’ must have an account on SUQA.ORG.

13

8.1 SUQA for Cryptolancers
Imagine meeting with all the Cryptolancers in the same social hub! Bounty
programs can be setup without any fees taken from you. Your Cryptolancers
Donation Rewards Pool will grow continuously by the amount payments you make
to the Cryptolancer. The more finished bounties/jobs you paid with SUQA
payment, the higher rank you will achieve in the pool. Become one of the top 5
donors every 3 months to win 100K SUQA from the top 5 donor’s reward.
SUQA provides users of the hub for the Crypto jobs and projects. They get their job
done free without any fees (excluding the very low network fees). Every 3 months
the rewards pool start from scratch for new rewards.
SUQA Foundation does not take any fees from transactions, jobs or projects. The
rewards will decrease according to block rewards after halving until the end of the
last mined SUQA currency.
8.2 SUQA for Blockchain Startups
Imagine meeting with all the Blockchain Start‐up Companies in the same social
hub and invest in the project with SUQA. With the amount of the payment you
made to the Startup you will enter in the Startup Donation Rewards Pool. The more
you invest in a Startup company with SUQA payment, the higher rank you will
achieve in the awards pool. Become one of the top 5 most donators every 3
months to win 100K SUQA from the top 5 donators reward.
8.3 SUQA for Charity
Everybody wants to donate sometimes for people who need help. But we often
don't know where and how we can do this help. Imagine meeting with all the
Charities in the same social hub! You can donate for the charity you want without
any fees taken from you. Similar to other SUQA awards programs, your awards pool
balance increments equally to the amount you contribute to charities.

Welcome to SUQA!

14

Short Roadmap
Official Roadmap will be released on Oct 30
Lite Website and
Onepager
October 7

Nvidia (Cuda) Miner Bounty
Up tp 1.5 Million SUQA & X22i
Whitepaper
October 10

Whitepaper
October 15

SUQA Community Bounties
1 Million SUQA
October 25

Roadmap
October 30

Exchanges Listing
November First Week

15

Team

Tamer Dagli aka
Cryplander

M. Atıf Karaoğul

Pallas

Hüseyin Biyik

Atakan Köycü aka
Depozitosuz

Business Development

Elif Beste Toren

Ali Pura

Qt Design & Development

CEO & Co-Founder

CTO & Co-Founder

Technical Advisor

Levent Gudulluoglu

Lead Web Developer

Investor Relations

Technical Advisor

16

