WeToken
Project white paper
[Short video entertainment platform based on
block chain incentives]

www.we.show

Version:1.1.1
WE Team
1

Directory
1. Background introduction--------------------------------------------------------------- 4
1.1. Value transfer of the Internet ---------------------------------------------------- 4
1.2. Value escalation of block chain ecology -------------------------------------- 5
1.3. Applications based on block chain social morphology are
moving towards pluralistic entertainment --------------------------------------- 6
1.4. Traditional centralized short video & Defects in the live
community ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 7
2. Introduction of items ------------------------------------------------------------------- 9
2.1 What is we ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 9
2.2 Definition of motivating community ------------------------------------------- 9
3. Introductionof the product programme ------------------------------------------- 10
3.1. Start and activate your own we account ---------------------------------------- 10
3.2. Create your own short video space -------------------------------------------- 10
3.3. Content publishing and interaction ---------------------------------------------- 12
3.4. Short video functions&Live functional economy system ------------------- 13
3.5. Finding more with community recommendations --------------------------- 13
3.6. Ecologically oriented application centers and open functions ------------ 16
4. Introduction of incentive programmes ----------------------------------------------16
4.1. Incentive funds in the community ecology -------------------------------------16
4.2. Incentive pool（Reward Pool） ------------------------------------------------- 16
4.3. Proof of Activity (POA) Reward Distribution Method ----------------------- 17
4.4. Proof of Contribution (POC) Reward Distribution Method ----------------- 19
5. Community ecological
composition ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 23
5.1 WEteam R&D management
team ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 23
2

5.2. Community content providers ---------------------------------------------------- 23
5.3. Community users ------------------------------------------------------------------ 24
5.4. Community developers --------------------------------------------------------------- 24
5.5. Community advertisers ---------------------------------------------------------------- 25
6. Business prospects ------------------------------------------------------------------- 25
6.1. Virtual gifts and reward for live broadcast ------------------------------------ 25
6.2. Transactions in the content of fees ----------------------------------------------- 26
6.3. Revenue from games and applications ---------------------------------------- 26
6.4. Income from advertising and distribution -------------------------------------- 26
7. Technical realization ----------------------------------------------------------------- 27
7.1. Architectural design ---------------------------------------------------------------- 27
7.2. Client（DAPP） --------------------------------------------------------------------- 27
7.3. Video community service platform ---------------------------------------------- 30
7.4. Infrastructure -------------------------------------------------------------------------- 32
8. WEtoken allocation program ------------------------------------------------------- 35
8.1. Value and description ---------------------------------------------------------- 35
8.2. WEtoken application scenario --------------------------------------------------- 35
8.3. WEtoken allocation program ---------------------------------------------------- 35
9. Development plans -------------------------------------------------------------------- 39
10. WEteam core team ------------------------------------------------------------------- 42
11. Advisors ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 43
12. Investment Institutions -------------------------------------------------------------- 44
13. Contact us ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 45

3

1.Background

introduction

1.1. Value transfer of the Internet
In 2017, the continued warming of the encrypted money market
ush- ered in a burst of growth, in the history of block chain, this year
is des- tined to be recorded in the annals of the year. 2017 is not
only the "First year of compliance" of the block chain, but also the
"First year of ap- plication" Of the block chain. We have also
witnessed a lot of block chain technologies applied to finance
technology, logistics e-commerce, artificial intelligence, cultural
entertainment and other fields. Though many people see encrypted
money as a financial instrument and its un- derlying block chain
technology as a payment system, this perception is narrower.
Since the birth of block-chain technology, it is thought to be the
fifth
disruptive innovation after mainframes, personal computers,
the Inter- net, and mobile / Social networks. It is the fourth
milestone in the histo- ry of human credit evolution, after blood
relatives credit, precious met- al credit, national paper currency
credit, is transferred from the infor- mation Internet era to the value
Internet era.
After recent years of commercial practice, the industry has a more
thorough understanding of the block chain. At the same time,
the com- mercial value and positioning of the block chain have
become clearer. With the further maturity of the blockchain
technology and the popular- ization of a wider range and more
industries, it will enable more enter- prises to use block-chain
technology to reduce costs and improve col- laboration efficiency.
4

1.2. Value escalation of block chain ecology
After several years of rapid development of the mobile internet
and the popularity of smart phones, almost everyone knows what
APP(Applica- tion) is. In the twinkling of time, a new noun, DAPP,
has entered a new era of block chain.(Decentralized
Application).Ecology is the collection of the application. With the
development of intelligent contract, DAPP has the advantages as

followings: it can run on distributed network, the information of
participants can be stored safely, privacy is better guaranteed,
consensus mechanism cannot be tampered with and so on. The
traditional C / S model will be complete- ly subverted. The
popularity of CryptoKitties, Etheria and other games verifies the
urgent needs of users for application scenarios or consumer
scenarios. In the near future, DAPP will surpass the traditional
app and play an increasingly important role in people's social life.

1.3. Applications based on block chain social patterns

are moving towards multiple entertainment
The essence of the Internet is the interconnection between
computers.
Early E-mail has solved the transmission of remote mail, and
it is also the starting point of social network. BBS pushes the social
network back to the opposite point, makes the cost of the
communication cheaper. Later instant messaging（IM）and
blogs（Blog）are more like an upgrade of the two previous

5

social tools. With the rapid development of mobile Internet,
social applications such as Facebook, Twitter, Wechat,
Instagram have risen rapidly, and the active and realized value
of Internet users have become a geometric jump growth. The
Internet has been pushed to a new peak by social networks, which
are an evolution from ecology to demand to hobbies. Traditional
social applications have skyrocketed into bloated bodies and
ecological stagnation. The spiritual needs of a large number of
young users are growing, and social relationships
are gradually changing from strong social to pan-social.
With the popularity of mobile terminals and the increasing speed
of the network, the development of short video industry has
become an important driving force of social entertainment. Short
video has simple production process, low production threshold,
strong participation, more dissemination value, short and fast
content by young people.
At the same time, the community with live broadcast and
other playing methods, strengthen the communication with fans,
but also better realization, promote the development of the entire
ecology. The rise of block chain based on community platform
1.0 is also evidence of user acceptance of a more egalitarian
and private social ecosystem. With the increasing demand of the
user spirit, the short video entertainment social platform based
on the block chain will be more suitable for the young people's
social forms.

6

1.4. Traditional centralized short Video & Shortcomings
of Live Community
The best way of short video community’s realization is by live
broad-casting. It should allow users to pay and reward content
producers transparently and openly, and should have clearer and
more open rat- ings and incentive calculations for content
producers. There is no need for a "Centralised" dictatorship. Most
of the platforms that are now "Centralised" work well, but all of them
are based on exploiting the high reward fees of more users and the
opaque ratings of premium UGC and PGC content producers.
"Centralization" Platform operators can use their rights, private
modifi-cation of the partner account weight level for personal gain.
This be- havior pays the high management review cost, which still
cannot avoid this kind of situation from the root.
The "Centralization" Platform is free to modify the number of
viewers and the number of broadcasts, and can give special
recommendations. In addition to the short-term exposure can be
enhanced, long-term has been in damage to the fairness of the
platform, resulting in a large loss of users.
The "Centralization" Platform becomes the profit model with high

7

draw, and the content recommendation is centered around high
profit, and the content is recommended to the user and is really
in line with the user's desire. And more content providers in order
to adapt to the platform, in order to enhance the realization of not
to win the sympathy of fans, with more routine to harvest fans
crazily, so as not to be aban- doned by the platform.
The "Centralization" Platform has the core pricing power and
control power, and can modify the proportion of content providers
and com- modity prices at will. Content providers or teams that do
not accept the slave command use such means as the number,
because of the plat- form's closeness and central pricing power, the
content provider is powerless. The communication and time costs of
migration are high and will not move towards a brighter platform,
resulting in high-quality content paying for low-quality content.
"Centralization" Platform in order to effectively manage the
interests of the goal, let more professional brokerage companies,
brokerage com- panies in order to achieve their own interests, with
a variety of reasons to curb the revenue of content providers.
Causes the content person to swallow up and even changes the
job, affects the better program and the content appears.
Therefore, the short video community based on "Centralization"
Loses its fairness, fairness and openness, and increases the cost of
content providers and users. It is not good for the development of
the whole market to obtain the extra income through the
"Overshoot" of the virtu- al currency.

8

2. Project presentations
2.1 What is we
WEtoken is a New short Video Entertainment Social platform
based on Block chain and Intelligent contract excitation(WE). The
digital cur- rency ensures that the entire community ecology is
completely fair, open, democratic and transparent. Anyone can
participate in the "De- centralized" Ecosystem. WeTeam is
concerned that not everyone has he ability to develop a block-

chain-based Internet short video commu- nity, so WeTeam
offers a one-stop solution in which anyone who cre- ates a zerothreshold account that can get through all the links and en- joy
the benefits of the block chain. At the same time, through the
We- token incentive mode to effectively reduce the cost of
users, achieve rapid start and prosperity, and ultimately through
the flow of cash and ecological consumption to achieve
business returns.
Definition of motivating community
Through Wetoken to motivate users to participate in the
community, any form of participants in the We, including every
short video, every comment and every live broadcast rules, will
be awarded to the system token Wetoken. At the level of block
chain application experience, we use block chain
decentralization account book to record the ownership
information of community products, solve the transaction
problems in products with intelligent contract, and ensure the
openness and trans- parency of community ecological
9

economy. In the application layer, an efficient central
development framework is adopted to ensure the high
performance of all kinds of read and write operations, thus
effectively avoiding the problems of long confirmation time, high
cost, easy con- gestion and so on. To maximize the guarantee
of community products smooth interactive experience.
WeTeam R & D support team members are made up of the
core mem- bers of the video community, Wecasting community,
Tik Tok, Ka-xiu, Meipai and so on. The team is good at Internet
product operation and R & D, many times to create more than
100 million users of the enter- tainment community,
entertainment short video community has unique insights and
rich operational experience.

3.

Introduction to the product program

3.1. Start and activate your own we account
We entertainment short video community provides a
complete user account system, users only need to choose
according to their own devices to down-load the IOS/Android
corresponding to the DAPP, through the mobile phone number
registration, can quickly join the We community platform. The
we system automatically assigns a unique digital ID card to the
Weto- ken digital wallet, and the data is written into the block
chain network node of We. The user can use the unique digital
ID card to pass through the ecology freely in the We community,
and quickly use the block chain community function and service
provided by We.

10

3.2. Create your own short video space
We is a short video entertainment interactive community
platform based on block chain motivation. In We, users can easily
create their own communi- ty space without any technical coding
and deployment. Users can con- tribute content through their own
space, the ownership of space and other content information will
be recorded through the block chain account book to ensure fair
and open can not be tampered with. Secondly, according to the
video likes, the number of views, the number of comments and
other conditions to obtain a certain weight distribution, to help
participants quickly distribute content to the community, we can do
everything from the we reward pool of Wetoken awards.
3.3. Content publishing and interaction functionality
We Community Channel supports video media-type content,
uses WeCut to process video, automatically compresses and
transcodes high-quality video through the system, and stores it
on cloud services. Users can choose dif- ferent community
channels to contribute content according to their prefer- ences.
More interactive features of the community, including live
broadcast, likes, comments, rewards, sharing, etc.
3.3.1 Live broadcast function:
Users in the We community can turn on live broadcast at
anytime, any- where and share the live, share happiness to more
fans.

11

3.3.2 Click the like function:
Users in the We community consumption of content, according to
their pref- erences to support the content and publishers, to meet the
desire of users to express their feelings.
3.3.3 Comment function:
Users can make subjective or objective self-impressions
according to differ- ent content, and can interact with creators or other
users through comments.
3.3.4 Reward function:
For quality content, users can use their own Wetoken to reward
creators, which need to deduct a small amount of transaction costs
from the block chain network. In order to enhance the reward function
of the excellent ex- perience of transfer, the built-in Wetoken wallet
function to achieve a quick account.
3.3.5 Sharing functionality:
We community supports a variety of mainstream third-party
social platform sharing function , which can quickly distribute the
content to Facebook, Twitter, Line, Wechat, QQ, Instagram, for more
friends to consume.
3.4. Short video function & live broadcast functional economy
system
By participating in the community and contributing to the
content, users can get the incentive of Wetoken every day, and the

value of the community will continue to grow as the scale of the
users involved in the community in- creases. Consumers who have
the ability to consume their content by giving "Virtual gifts" to content
producers. The amount of these gifts is equivalent to "Voting" on the
quality of live broadcast while giving content producers. By means of
balance weighting methods such as rotation balance, random
balance, hash HASH balance, minimum missing, and fastest
response, the impression of how to vote decreases with the
passage of time, which does not reduce the income of anchorman at
the same time. Try to prevent users from "Brushing tickets".
Users or fans who have the ability to communicate attract more
consumers to consume by forwarding and sharing the relevant
addresses of producers, and these effective consumption, while
rewarding disseminators and content producers, It is also equivalent
to a "Vote" on content. Professional flow dis- tribution team and a
single tributary disseminator get the percentage of the revenue by
the content producers themselves set to form a certain competi- tive
relationship in order to achieve decentralization.
As a decentralized product, We have also been following the
way of work- load proof. We provide a decentralized platform,
determine not to squeeze content providers and users with various
fees and share fees, in order to en- sure long-term ecological stability.
The video community needs to procure a large amount of bandwidth
resources. Before users turn on the live broad- cast function, they
must firstly purchase live streaming packets to reach their own
accounts before they can broadcast livet normally. Second, after the
users turn on live broadcast, they need to invite more people to join in
to en-hance their popularity. To get a clearer and more transparent
13

weight ranking. The above records are stored in a distributed
account book and can be viewed by anyone. All transaction records
are published to all participants through a distributed account of the
block chain to ensure openness and fairness. The system will
provide humanized query function to facilitate user inquiry and
analysis.
3.5. Use community recommendations to find more content
With the improvement of the community, a large number of users
will par- ticipate in it. The WeTeam artificial intelligence team deeply
develops AI and big data technology, optimizes the recommendation
algorithm, and does a lot of autonomous learning transformation
work on the recommendation intelligence matching between people.
Users find their favorite content at the same time. With the help of
behavior automatic learning and giving more preferences, the
system pushes more fun and interesting community content for
users, which greatly improves the user experience and efficiency.
3.6. Ecologically oriented application centers and open functions
Under the ecosystem, the application center can be divided
into official function application and third party developer function
application. Users
can open their own application functions to enrich play and reduce
operating costs, and enhance user activity.
3.6.1 We official Application Center
The official feature app will focus on the user's data and operating
tools, helping users to increase the number and retention of fans, and
so on. There will also be more fun and interesting auxiliary products.
14

3.6.2 Third-party developer Application Center
We insist on the idea of "Decentralization", while perfecting the
ecological basic technology, the third-party developers can also use
the Application Programming Interface（API）to increase the
functionality and resources of the We ecosystem, any developer with
the ability to create a variety of third-party applications, including
games, entertainment, tools and so on.

4. Introduction to incentive programs
4.1. Incentive Fund in Community Ecology
Weteam sets up an ecological incentive fund for communities to
reward participants who contribute to community building. The ecology
adopts the community native Wetoken as the only incentive way, the
platform passes through the POA(Proof of Activity) + POC (Proof of
Contribution)The algorithm establishes a two-tier reward mechanism
that continuously stimulates the productive capacity of the community.
According to the system, the reward pool sets the automatic
implementation scheme, the calculation of incentive allocation every
24 hours, and according to the calculation results, the Wetoken is
automatically distributed to the participant's personal wallet.
4.2. Incentive pool（Reward Pool）
The reward pool is a Wetoken pool dedicated to rewarding
contributors to ecological construction. The ecological incentive
fund automatically replenishes the reward pool every day
according to the incentive elasticity coefficient.

15

4.3. Proof of Activity (POA) Reward Distribution Method
For all active users to use We to do anything will be rewarded, the
reward pool using the effective active degree of POA award allocation
algorithm for the first level of award allocation, that is, the Wetoken in
the reward pool according to the degree of activity assigned to each
user. Every 24 hours, the incentive pool will analyze, among other
things, community indicators.
Specific subdivision indicators include valid DAU(Daily active
number of users)And the number of effective releases, the number of
effective releases, the effective amount of playback, the effective
number of play lists, the number of valid likes, the number of valid
likes, the number of valid comments, the number of valid comments,
the average number of playback, the average length of time online,
The maximum number of people online at
the same time was calculated.
The reward pool uses a team performance incentive model for
the first level of award allocation, assigning the Wetoken in the award
pool to each active user in accordance with its contribution rate. The
calculations are as follows: The total number of Wetoken in the
reward pool is V, assuming that there are N users, with each user
contributing

Each user gets the reward equal and the utility function：

Assume that each user can observe the contribution of other
users, and that each user can collaborate to maximize utility levels,
optimal contribu- tions and optimal reward allocation
16

The optimal contribution of each user is e*=1/4
The optimal award allocation per user is In fact,
It is difficult to collude between users, and if each user receives an award allocation that remains, each user selects
its contribu

tion:
Replace the contribution of Nash equilibrium：=N=1/2
Therefore, the difference between the optimal output state of Nash
equi-librium state and the optimal output state is as follows:

17

When N=1 is used, the optimal degree of contribution is achieved.
When the number of users exceeds 1, the contribution of each user
will be lower than the optimal degree of contribution. The more users
are, the more seri- ous the free rider is, so as to overcome the free
riding phenomenon, we de-sign a mechanism:.

After the user receives the POA allocation of the reward pool
every day, the resulting Wetoken distributes the content provider and
the contributor in proportion to the content provider, and the content
provider has the right to adjust and divide the contributor to the
participant according to the effective activity POA.
4.4.

Proof of Contribution (POC) Reward Distribution Method
Content providers for active users(Short video & live content

contributor)Effective contributions are used to motivate, active user
content providers at the second level of the reward pool(Short video &
live content contributor)Obtained Wetoken. The award section will
follow the POC(Proof of Contribution, effective contribution
certificate)Algorithm, as- signed to the community content contributor
by contribution-(Short video & live content contributor).

19

Content contributor(Short video & live content contributor)The
reward sec- tion will be distributed in a differentiated incentive way,
assuming that the community has only two users, after the content
has been created and pub- lished by the calculated user,
According to the creation dimension, vertical dimension, play
dimension, interactive dimension, fan dimension and so on, the
system obtains the basic coefficients, followed by browsing, likes,
com- ments, rewards, retweets, etc.

A higher level of contribution to the commu- nity will result in a
basic promotion:

Set the award assigned to the promotion user to be, the award
assigned by the user is and and When two users
contribute the same amount, each person has a chance of
promotion of 1/2
Probability distribution of user promotions:

20

Give other user contributions, worker I（I=1，2）It will determine
the extent of his contribution, thereby maximizing his expected
utility, that is: Manual selection

maximize

to make

In summary, it is concluded that:
1. If the community is active users and content providers(Short video

& live content contributor)Given the same rewards
2. If the content provider(Short video & live content contributor)gets

reward exceeds the portion of the active user enough, both users will
make the most contribution to the community, when
Certifying that:

When，whatever behavior they take, they choose to make the greatest
contribution, so is the only Nash equilibrium.

5.

Community ecosystem composition

21

5.1. Weteam R & D Management team
A good team is often an important guarantee of geometric
growth in the value of block-chain projects. As a project sponsor,
Weteam has a clear re- sponsibility and obligation to be the firm
guardian of Wetoken and the team has the most professional ability
to complete the design, develop- ment, application landing and
interface with the exchange from the block chain project.
The Weteam team has experienced technical staff in block chain
develop- ment, as well as the participation of well-known people in
the currency cir- cle. By contrast, the teams of many developers with
short titles and the slightest lack of approach ability are dwarfed.
5.2. Community content providers
The community content provider is also the operator of the We
community. Content providers have full authority over their own
space and shall not violate the relevant laws and regulations of the
countries concerned. Any individual or organization can be registered
as a member of We through the mobile number.
As a provider of community content, you should be responsible
for the content and popularity of your own space, but also assume
the responsibili- ty of gaining fans. Weteam, as the backup of all
users in the ecosystem, will give users corresponding Wetoken
incentives according to the POA(Proof of activity) Mechanism.
5.3. Community users
The value of the user is insurmountable, and is also an
important ecologi- cal link of We. The user can participate in the
construction of various con- tent inWe and can also communicate
23

and interact with the fans. The com- munity is full of the breath of
young people, ghost animals, brain holes, nervous annoyance and
teasing ratio. Community users are also the main force of
ecological consumption, including playing reward, paying for content, purchasing applications and services, participating in games
and so on. In addition, the user gets a Wetoken incentive reward for
everything they do in We.
5.4. Community developers
The most important thing in the present era is innovation and
real-time. Developers, as the key position of the ecological diversity
of We, are also the key factors of the "Inverse growth" of this era.
We always join hands with more developers to build the whole
ecological integrity. Any individ- ual or organization with R & D
capability can participate in ecological construction.

5.5. Community advertisers
As an important part of the commercialization of We, with the
increase of the number of users, the advertisers will gradually
connect to the eco- friendly advertisers to provide better delivery
services for advertisers.
Some of the advertising revenue is realized as We business
and the other part is used to purchase the Wetoken expansion
incentive pool.

6.

Business prospects

24

Nowadays, the boom of short video is still rising, the global
MCN 3.0 era begins, short video creation threshold is low, social,
interactive and other attributes, deeply sought after by young users,
has become a way to ex- press themselves. Short video can be
widely spread and the core advantage is short, in the shortest time
to show users the most eye-catching content.
Become a fast-food pastime, and can take place at anytime,
anywhere to consume content.
Our vision is to become the largest short-video entertainment
community in the block chain digital world, with the following main
ways of realizing:
6.1. Virtual gifts and reward for live broadcast
For the short video entertainment community the best way to
realize is live broadcast and virtual gift reward users can establish
channel live broadcast and fan interaction short video also has gift
reward function. We will charge a certain transaction fee to help
more fans to quickly realize the par- ticipants.
The greatest characteristic and requirement of virtual gift is to
have per- sonality. Weteam will continue to develop and design
virtual gifts and props, such as "Kisses," "Flowers," "Sports cars,"
"Planes," and so on. Users can also pay Web token according to
their needs, using images, text and so on to make their own needs
of virtual gifts.
6.2. Transactions in the content of fees
Paying for content is becoming fashionable, and with the
development of the community, many celebrities and experts in
25

various fields are joining in, and creating high-quality content to
pay for viewing.
6.3. Revenue from games and applications
Third-party developers can develop their own games and
charge a fee for the platform in revenue.
6.4. Income from advertising and distribution
We provide a more powerful advertising management platform
for adver- tisers and combine advertising with community
incentives to maximize the benefits of advertisers and participants.

7. Technical realization
7.1.Architectural design
According to the characteristics of the whole system, the
Weteam designs how the components of the system are divided
and how the components interact. It is divided into three business
modules around scalability, reliability, flexibility and overall
performance.
Client tier, platform layer, underlying architecture.

7.2. Client（DAPP）
Client is the user presentation layer. In order to satisfy the vast
majority of users’ different usage habits on different terminals and
regions, we provide WE clients with iOS, Android and H5. Client
services are independently decoupled according to business logic
26

and are designed as 4 modules: account module, We wallet, video
module and instant messaing IM module. We wallet is a light wallet,
the user manages own WeiToken, implements the transfer of account
and checks the cash flow of account.
Video module includes:

7.2.2Video’s automatic beautification (including face recognition,
whitening, buffing, face thinning, special effect of video, filtering
functions)
7.2.3Video coding and decoding: H264 A is adopted as video coding
and decoding, and AAC is served as audio coding

27

7.2.4Video transmission: real-time video transmission by utilizing
RTMP Protocol.
7.2.5This video integrates player function and can play the live
broadcast and on-demand service as well as supports RTMP, HLS
and FLV Protocol. According to the video multi-point distribution
principle, the module optimizes and adopts the nearby load
algorithm and pulls the nearest edge node away from user to reduce
the delay and ensure the real-time
performance that user views the of the video.
IM module is a real-time interaction module provided user, which
comprises the real-time message communication between the user
and the server as well as real-time message interaction between
users and users.

7.3. Platform layer
The platform layer is core service on video service platform. Video
service is a set of distributed, high-concurrency, big-customer, highavailability and real-time complex system, adhering to the design principle
of high availability, expandable and low coupling for system, use microservice architecture is adopted to decouple complex system. WEteam
decomposes the video services into the modules as follows: account
services, gift prop services, room services, video services, IM
communication, etc. The service between each system is a separate
service, and the inter-system call is implemented internally by the RPC
Protocol.

27

7.3.1 Account Services:
Account will be combined with EtherNet account in an optimal
way, and all services of WE can be used rapidly under the conditions
of ensuring absolute safety of user's funds. Thanking to the unified
WE account, the users not only can browse the uploaded videos but
also can initiate the real- time interaction with users in their
communities, such as text voice video, etc. Through unable
falsification performance of block chain, the users’ basic information
is managed, the login authentication is unified, and the service is
provided to Client through the RESTful API.

7.3.2 Gift prop services:
The gift item service provides the information of some basic
items, and the user uses the item props to reward the anchor
increase the mutual interaction and also embody the user's favor
forservice is provided to Client via the RESTful API.

7.3.3 Room services:
Room is the place for user interaction. Each anchor may
possess a room for live and interaction with other users. The live
contents and rewarding generated in the room are also owned by the
anchor. Room service is a place where video live contents are
controlled.

7.3.4Video services:
Video service is a basic implementation, this basic service

28

includes such functions as realization of RTMP, Flv, HLS
Transmission Protocol, audio and video transcoding as well as video
compression and recording and storage.
7.3.5 IM Service:
The IM service is a set of communication interface to provide
Socket and WebSocket so as to allow users to implement the
communication services in time between users as well as users and
services.
7.3.6 Statistical Analysis Service:
Through MapReduce technology, a real-time statistical analysis
for system is carried out so as to record and save each core
operation inside WE System so as to carry out various data
analysis.Data analysis includes the user preference analysis and
recommendation, video favor analysis, vitality computation in user
community, user’s contribution degree computation as well as
developer’s gain sharing computation.
7.3.7 Microservice architecture:
The interior of each micro-service system is designed on the
basis of high concurrency, distributed, and expandable design.
Through load balancing technique and multi-level caching
technology, distributed message queue service and distributed file
system, the high concurrent access and expansibility are improved.

29

7.3.8 Open expansion of WE:
WE will build a third party’s developer platform, and any
developer can fabricate a third party application that conforms to WE
ecosystem based on SDK provided by WE. When the developer
platform is online, WE will provide perfect technical documents and
sample programs to facilitate the developer's quick operation.

7.4. Underlying architecture
Business model based on we video community will take block
chain + IPFS(InterPlanetary File System is a point to point distributed
hypermedia distribution protocol, providing a globally XQLILHG
DGGUHVVDEOHVSDFH 7KHXQGHUO\LQJWHFKQLFDODUFKLWHFWXUHRI
7.4.1 Block chain
Some of the core services of we are based on block chain
technology. WE block chain part is currently based on the etheric
square common chain integration development. And plans to
introduce in the future, more suitable for the social scene of the
exclusive block chain.
Account:
User only digital identity（Digital identity）Marking;
2. Token
We Token（WEtoken）Based on ERC20 standard. Users
can view their WEtoken directly through our DAPP or any
application

that

supports

the

ERC20

standard.

Before

the WEtoken exclusive block chain is online,
WEtoken will be based on the original token, and will be
migrated after the chain is completed. The migration operation
will not affect the use of households and digital assets.
31

7.4.2 IPFS technology
InterPlanetary File System (Interplanetary File System,
abbreviated as IPFS) is a network transport protocol designed to
create persistent and distributed storage and shared files. It is a
content addressable peer-to-peer hypermedia distribution protocol.
The nodes in the IPFS network will form a distributed file system.
Have a look at the principle of IPFS:
Each file and all of its blocks are assigned a unique
fingerprint called as encrypted hash.
IPFS deletes the files with the same hash value through the
network, and calculates which files can be judged to be redundant
and tracks the version history of each file.
Each network node stores only the content of its interest, as well
as some index information, which helps to figure out who is storing.
While searching for create a file, you can find the desired file by
searching the network for the node where the file is saved by the hash
value of the file. Use the called IPNS (de-centralization naming
system), each file can be named as the name of the caller. By
searching, you can easily find the file you want to view.
As can be seen from the introduction of IPFS, IPFS envisages
that all network terminal nodes not only act as the role of the Browser
or Client but everyone can be the operator of this network and
everyone can be the server. Compared to HTTP, IPFS has such
features Addressing based on contents rather than addressing based
on domain name. The file (content) has the uniqueness that exists, a
file is added to the network of IPFS, and a unique encrypted hash
value is assigned to the content based on the calculation.This will
change the habit of using domain names to access the network.
33

Provide a historical version of the file, such as git, and allows multiple
nodes to use files that hold different versions.
A block chain is running on IPFS network, that is, it is used to
store the hash value table of Internet files. When the network
accesses every time, that is, the address of the contents (files) shall
be queried on the chain.
By using the incentives of tokens, the nodes are powered to
store data.
Filecin is a storage network driven by an encrypted currency. The
miner obtains Filecin by providing open hard disk space for the
network, while the user uses Filectin to pay for the storage of the
encrypted text in the de- centralization network.
By using the IPFS technology, the video contents generated by
WE community is distributed on the user's computer, while the
copyright is reserved by Wetken's producer, and the users can be
authorized to viewing related information each other so as to let the
video storage, distribution and copyright protection become simple.

8.WEtoken allocation scheme
8.1. Value and description
The long term ecological development of WE achieves greater
prosperity and effectively encourages community builders and
participants to release native Token-WEtoken on the we platform.
8.2.Web application scenario

34

Motivating community participants: motivate contributing
participants and managers.
Reward: users can reward high quality content
contributors. Purchase paid content: buy paid content
to watch.
Purchase of third-party applications: pay part of the developer to
pay for the app service.
Purchase of virtual props and value-added services: buy virtual
items or par- ticipate in community games or props.
Advertising: advertisers are smart.
8.3.WEtoken allocation scheme
The total circulation of WEtoken is 1250000000, and the distribution
scheme is as follows:
WEtoken allocation scheme
Proportion

Quantity

Distribution mode

50%

625000000

Issue

30%

375000000

Foundation
reservation

10%

125000000

Ecological
incentive
fund

5%

62500000

Founding team

5%

62500000

Community

Issue:
WE as a high-speed short video entertainment social platform,
the issue of WEtoken is mainly used for community platform
technology research and development, bandwidth and hardware
investment, product operations and marketing and so on.
The Foundation reserves:
To maintain rapid prototyping and sustainable development of the
communi- ty and the ecology as a whole, the reserve funds will be
used as the operat- ing fund of the WEtoken Foundation to attract
talented people and attract more excellent partners. And continue to
motivate high-contribution team members and important business
partners, together with peers.
Founding team / early contributors:
The birth and development of WEtoken cannot be separated
from the early team and other resource contributors, who gave
strong resources and funds to provide indispensable help for
WEtoken. Reward the core staff of the founding team, the relevant
team that made the contribution in the develop- ment process, the
investor and the consultant team in the way of reasonable
distribution.
Ecological incentive Fund:
As the community ecological incentive fund, the WEtoken
part is mainly used in the community system reward pool, the
system will determine the elastic coefficient according to the POA
activity index, and automatically distribute the corresponding
WEtoken of the reward pool every day.
37

Community communities:
As an entertainment community product, early users are the
driving force of community development. Community communities
are mainly used to air drop and reward people who organize,
promote, promote and contribute to WEtoken activities.

9. Development plans
In November 2017

Project concept assumption and budding stage

In December 2017

We completed the research on the demand of the short

video community of the block chain and the internet
Early January 2018

Team gathering completed

In middle of January 2018 The system framework of technical investigation
and determination was completed
In late January 2018 The project was formally named "We", and the product
form was basically completed.
In February 2018 Wetoken launched pre-sale raising
In March 2018 The development of the underlying architecture was completed
In April 2018 WE completed the base product function of our community
In May 2018

WE completed we incentive system and related system, etc.

In 2018 Q3

Started internal testing to complete IOS and Android

In 2018 Q4

Beta is available online for all users

38

10. WEteam Core team

Found er: SUN ZHENG
Worked in ku6, Guagua, Wecasting and
other video community. Created a number
of millions of users of short video
community products and live platform.

Co-founder: FAN ZUWEI
He is founder of WeCasting. He worked at China's
biggest entertainment IP Center. He was a vice
president of Datang Telecom. Acquired EMBA at
Central Europe. LSE MA in London School of
Political Science and Eco- nomics. Worked at
Tencent Wenchuang base and Tencent MCN as
d istri bu- tor.

CTO: BAO WENKE
Ten million user-level veteran server
system architect. He has many years
experience in JAVA & GO language practice
and designing multiple frames. He has
worked in the video community such as ALI,
GUAGUA, and WE- CASTING.

CMO: CHE HONGYAN
Worked in International 4A company have years
of experience in marketing; has responsible for
brand, business cooperation, social community
and marketing activities and planning Embracing
abundant industry resources and marketing channel
also have good sense of market insight

CPO : ZHAO XIN
Worked in Tencent Interactive Entertainment Group,
has responsible for planning and designing of
Tencent's Huayang live platform. Focused on short
video entertainment live platform products for several
years and have deep understanding of the use「s,
strong data-sensitive and remarkable project
management capabilities.

UED : JI JUNWEN
Worked for la 「ge Internet companies in developing
management; has established a complete proiect
developing management system, accomplishing
lots of risk control management cases with JD门sk
control team, which is respons心e for landing
C「oss-departmental st 「ategy.

PM : WANG ZHICAI
Wo 「ked in many NetEase companies, which is
responsible fo 「 the design and inte 「action of product
design. Years of experience focus on products have
a deep understanding of the user's psychology. Also
has st 「ong ability of project management of products

COO : WANG FEIYUE
Designed fo 「 the internet short video and major
community products. He has been the General
Manage 「 of China Mobile Communications Pay-lM
Project. He has worked as a product consultant for
some projects, including Tencent (QQ), TaoBao, and
Youku. He has been working on launching a billion
use「 P 「oducts in the field of Internet short video.

CHO: ZHANG XIAN
HR management experience of 12 years.
Participated in human resou 「ce planning of huge
companies, conducted and managed the work.
Has worked at Mercer Human Resource Consulting.

CFO: TAO TING
8 years of financial management experience.
Many years of IPO listed fi- nancial management
experience. She has a background in financial
advisory firms such as BearingPoint and Atkearney.

IO.ADVISOR
FOUNDER OF MANZI FUND: XUE MANZI
The first person to invest in Chinese angels.
REPRESENTATIVE CASE: PCPOP, CAR HOUSE,
8848, SNOWBALL FINANCE, HUAYI BAICHUANG,
CHINA EDU AND SO ON.
TRON : HTTPS://TRON.NETWORK/
INK CHAIN: HTTPS://INKCHAIN.10
QTUM: HTTPS:/NVWW.QTUM.ORG
AUTOHOME· HTTPS叭VWW.AUTOHOME.COM.CN
POP: HTTP://WWW.PCPOP.COM/
XUEQIU: HTTPS://XUEQIU.COM/
CHINAEDU : HTTPS://WWW.CHINAEDU.COM/

FOUNDER OF ME旧UA ANGEL
VENTURES: WU SHICHUN
Focus on early investment in the Internet
Representative Cases: Big Head, Fun Shop,
Sing Bar, Key Network, Honey Bud, Car and Home,
Mavericks Electric etc
玩蟹科技：HTTP://WWW.PLAYCRAB.COM/
趣店(NYSE:QD):HTTP://WWW QUFENQI.COM/
唱吧HTTP://CHANGBA.COM/
基调网网络HTTP//WWW.TINGYUN.COM/
车车和家：HTTPS://WWW.CHEHEJIA.COM/
福佑卡车车：HTTPS://WWW.FUYOUKACHE.COM/
悦动圈：HTTP://WWW.51 YUND.COM
小牛电动：HTTP://WWW.NIU.COM/
萤芽：HTTPS://WWW.MIA.COM/
MMC:HTTP://WWW.MMCUAV.COM/
FIIL:HTTPS://FIIL.COM/口

Founder of FAO Fund : WU MINGHUA
Have successfully funded over 300 companies
in China.
Portfolio: Wifi-Master Key, Qazing Tong,
Great Wisdom, 51 Credit Card, Miao Pie, Hello Bike,
Weiwei, Goufu, etc.

CEO of NPER: Daniel Nam
He is the CEO of the NPER project, which is in
charge of IP blockchain business. He is an early
investor in cryptocurrency and has been
conducting the NPER project based on his
many years of block-chain market experi- ence.

12. PARTNER

©一

OJLRB

B口ECIM/\L
令
V

ai

\I�, I I�t', I)

N

峦子早鱼

CAPITAL

想象力基金
Imagination Fund

GREATVOYAGECAPITAL

It}.@Q

H.BROTHERS

Wecastfng 微播®

年 I FunCtion

夺

O 牛市财经

Foundation X

Cashierest

Hongkong

t tokenbank

HUFIYI INV竺Tl'IENT

slow mist

寺 Coinrail

13. CONTACT US
Website:Https://www.we.show
E-mail :Contact@we.show
Telegram:Https://t.me/wetoken
Twitter:Twitter:https://twitter.com/WeShowGroup

