IMPORTANT NOTICE

NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL,
BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER BEFORE ENGAGING IN
ANY ACTIVITY IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. NEITHER ODYSSEY PROTOCOL
FOUNDATION LIMITED (THE FOUNDATION), ANY OF THE PROJECT TEAM
MEMBERS WHO HAVE WORKED ON ODYSSEY (AS DEFINED HEREIN) OR
PROJECT TO DEVELOP ODYSSEY IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER (THE ODYSSEY
TEAM), ANY DISTRIBUTOR/VENDOR OF OCN (THE DISTRIBUTOR), NOR ANY
SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY KIND OF DIRECT OR
INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN
CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING THIS WHITEPAPER, THE WEBSITE AT
HTTPS://HOME.OCNEX.NET/ OR ANY OTHER WEBSITES OR MATERIALS
PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.

All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation's objects, including without
limitation promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for an
open sourced blockchain-based infrastructure level protocol for a Credit-based,
decentralised peer to peer sharing economy, creating an entirely unbiased
mechanism where anyone may freely share and trade.

This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not
constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for
investment, or any offer to sell any product, item or asset (whether digital or
otherwise). The information herein below may not be exhaustive and does not imply
any elements of a contractual relationship. There is no assurance as to the accuracy
or completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or undertaking
is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
Where this Whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party
sources, the Foundation and/or the ODYSSEY team have not independently verified
the accuracy or completion of such information. Further, you acknowledge that
circumstances may change and that this Whitepaper may become outdated as a
result; and the Foundation is under no obligation to update or correct this document
in connection therewith.
This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation, the Distributor or
the ODYSSEY team to sell any OCN (as defined herein) nor shall it or any part of it
nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with,
any contract or investment decision. Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may
be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future
performance of ODYSSEY. The agreement between the Distributor and you, in

relation to any sale and purchase of OCN is to be governed by only the separate
terms and conditions of such agreement.

By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the
Foundation, its affiliates, and the ODYSSEY team as follows:

(a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that OCN may have no value, there is
no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for OCN, and OCN is not for
speculative investment;
(b) none of the Foundation, its affiliates, and/or the ODYSSEY team members shall
be responsible for or liable for the value of OCN, the transferability and/or liquidity
of OCN and/or the availability of any market for OCN through third parties or
otherwise;
(c) in any decision to purchase any OCN, you have not relied on any statement set
out in this Whitepaper;
(d) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws,
regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be);
and
(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase
any OCN if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary
and/or green card holder of a geographic area or country (i) where it is likely that
the sale of OCN would be construed as the sale of a security (howsoever named)
or investment product and/or (ii) in which access to or participation in the OCN
token sale or ODYSSEY is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty,
or administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the United States of
America, Canada, New Zealand, People's Republic of China and the Republic
of Korea).
The Foundation, the Distributor and the ODYSSEY team do not and do not purport
to make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties or undertaking to any
entity or person (including without limitation warranties as to the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or reliability of the contents of this Whitepaper or any other
materials published by the Foundation). To the maximum extent permitted by law,
the Foundation, the Distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not
be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any
kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising
from default or negligence on the part of any of them, or any loss of revenue, income
or profits, and loss of use or data) arising from the use of this Whitepaper or any
other materials published, or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with the
same. Prospective purchasers of OCN should carefully consider and evaluate all
risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties)
associated with the OCN token sale, the Foundation, the Distributor and the
ODYSSEY team.

The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion only and is
not legally binding. The agreement for sale and purchase of OCN and/or continued
holding of OCN shall be governed by a separate set of Terms and Conditions or
Token Purchase Agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms of such
purchase and/or continued holding of OCN (the Terms and Conditions), which shall
be separately provided to you or made available at https://home.ocnex.net/. In the
event of any inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper,
the Terms and Conditions shall prevail.

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out
in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws,
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with.
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or
in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the
Foundation, the Distributor and/or the ODYSSEY team may constitute
forwardlooking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief or current
expectations with respect to market conditions, business strategy and plans,
financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). You are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements given
that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual future results to be materially different from that
described by such forward-looking statements, and no independent third party has
reviewed the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper and
the Foundation and the ODYSSEY team expressly disclaims any responsibility
(whether express or implied) to release any revisions to these forward-looking
statements to reflect events after such date.

This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the
event of conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and translated
versions of this Whitepaper, the English language version shall prevail. You
acknowledge that you have read and understood the English language version of
this Whitepaper.

No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated
in any way without the prior written consent of the Foundation.

1. ABSTRACT
2. ODYSSEY MISSION - RETURN HOME, IN THE AGE OF OVERSUPPLY

2.1 THE HIDDEN EVIL - DATA SECURITY ANDPRIVACY
2.2 REGULATION VS. REPUTATION
2.3 THE GAME IS NOT FAIR, SHARING IS COSTLY
2.4 SHARING ECONOMY IS SEGMENTED
3. ODYSSEY’S VALUE
4. ODYSSEY’S INFRASTRUCTURE
5. ODYSSEY PROTOCOL - THE UNIVERSALDECENTRALISED SHARING

ECONOMY PROTOCOL
5.1 ROLES IN THE ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM
5.2 OCN WALLET
5.3 ODYSSEY SYSTEM INCENTIVE STIMULATION PROTOCOL
5.4 ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM STIMULATION PROTOCOL
5.5 USER CREDIT PROTOCOL
5.6 PURCHASE OF SERVICES
5.7 TRAFFIC ACQUISITION
5.8 TRANSACTION PROTOCOL
5.9 COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE
5.10 ALGORITHMS
6. ODYSSEY ROADMAP AND ADOPTION

6.1 THE TRUE VALUE OF PRIVACY, DECENTRALISED DATA STORAGE VIA
BLOCKCHAIN
6.2 THE RETURN OF CREDIT, SMART CONTRACT EMPOWERED CREDIT-

BASED PROTOCOL
6.3 A SHARING ECONOMY FOR ALL - A DYNAMIC INCENTIVE MECHANISM
6.4 CONNECTING THE DOTS, THE ULTIMATE ONE SHARING ECONOMY
6.5 THE FOUNDATION OF GLOBAL MARKETPLACE
7. ODYSSEY TOKEN - OCN
8. TEAM

8.1 ODYSSEY TECH TEAM
8.2 ODYSSEY ADVISORY TEAM
9. PARTNERSHIPS

9.1 AWS
9.2 TRON
9.3 IBM
9.4 SEMI & SEMA
9.5 DUCATUS
9.6 ACCESS
9.7 SINGAPORE FINTECH ASSOCIATION
9.8 BITPUB
9.9 BlockAsia
10. SCHEDULE
11. WHITE PAPER DISCLAIMER

The Foundation's mission is to build the next-generation decentralised sharing
economy & Peer to Peer Ecosystem.
ODYSSEY aims to reduce overall operating cost, increase marketplace efficiency
and boost ROI of product & service providers in the Global sharing economy & peer
to peer ecosystem.
Using blockchain smart contract as well as AI and Big Data, ODYSSEY will
revolutionise the ecosystem with the features below:

One Credit/Trust-Based Protocol for all ODYSSEY ecosystem users:
 Decentralised and Minimised Operating Cost
 Open Source and Scalable
 Trustworthy and Anonymous
 Autonomous and Better Compliance
 Incentivised Participation
 Monetization of services
Peer to Peer Ecosystem Community:
 Decentralised and Minimum Transaction Cost
 Monetization of services
 Better Distribution and Matching
 Quicker Transactions without payment barriers

ODYSSEY is a revolutionary mission against the current centralised sharing
economy to build one decentralised sharing economy and peer to peer ecosystem.

The sharing economy has been rapidly emerging as a large and expanding force.
This is fueled by declining transaction costs. Smartphones, internet connectivity, and
the cloud allow consumers to efficiently search for their desired goods and services,
understand terms, ensure timely logistics, and enforce the agreed-upon contracts.
Formerly frustrating transactions have become less troublesome.
In the future, sharing will become the norm and private ownership will be a luxury.
One may own nothing but everyone can simply share everything. One can adjust
your expenses flexibly in accordance with the demand. One will purchase something
to the extent that one actually needs it instead of spending more. Sharing will enable

utilisation of spare resources and increase the overall income and welfare of the
society.

This sort of sharing economy enables us to convert the transaction of property
ownership into the transaction of right to use. Basically, it is a realisation of the
“ondemand” transaction which highly increases the efficiency of use for assets and
services, and simultaneously, reduces overall costs.

However, the state of the current sharing economy is far from optimum:

2.1 THE HIDDEN EVIL - DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY
Many sharing economy companies are “data controllers” because they decide how
personal data will be collected and how it is used.
Controlling and dealing with personal data is integral to the activities of sharing
economy platforms. Users may be required to share a range of information about
themselves, including their location, address, job or the services they provide or use
– and users are becoming more aware of and concerned about the way that their
data is collected, stored and shared.
These concerns have been heightened by a number of high-profile data breaches
where digital platforms have been subject to malicious attacks resulting in the

disclosure of users’ personal data. Irrespective of the cause, negative publicity and
erosion of users’ trust arising from a data breach is highly damaging to the
development of the sharing economy.

2.2 REGULATION VS. REPUTATION

While the sharing economy continues to grow explosively, Information asymmetry
issues generally reduces over time, however, the downside of things going wrong is
much more severe:
Reputational mechanisms drive the sharing economy. Such mechanisms, conducted
over a given service platform, include user reputation, peer reviews and identity
verification and are often involved in services in which consumer safety is a matter
of life and death. In ride-sharing services, for example, a driver’s history is a
significant issue for riders, and a bad driver could kill you.
People could list anything, but sharing economy does not have an effective review
system yet. Giants such as Airbnb offers a detailed history of an accommodation,
processing financial transactions as an independent third party and providing
comment mechanisms. However, these comment mechanisms often allow reviews
and ratings after the transaction happens and/or service is completed. Such
mechanisms could also be biased, as the rules are centrally developed by the
platform, and could be manipulated and intervened against by the platform itself to
generate revenue streams.

Thus, the rise of peer-to-peer networking and the burgeoning “sharing economy” has
been a hot topic in many government policy conferences, where participants explore
whether any new regulations are needed. In a wide-ranging discussion covering
rapidly changing business models, potential regulatory obligations and consumers’
increasing dependence on reputational feedback mechanisms, economists, industry
representatives and academics hashed out what is clearly a complex system.
The Sharing economy is still a highly regulated in certain countries due to
government policies, and is even banned in many countries or cities.

2.3 THE GAME IS NOT FAIR, SHARING IS COSTLY
Let’s look at the economic effects of the sharing economy.
Although the sharing economy is generating an overall increase in income and
producer/consumer welfare, the distribution of benefits is likely to be uneven.

There are several reasons for this:
Firstly, current Sharing economy platforms are two-sided systems characterised by
strong network externalities, creating the tendency towards natural monopoly and
allowing for high-margins to be earned by the platform itself. This raises the operating
cost borne by sharing asset providers.

Second, along the supply side of the sharing economy, those who profit the most are
owners of valuable assets. Given that everyone can easily turn their asset into
shared capital assets, ownership of valuable goods are typically concentrated in a
small group of well-off people. In conclusion, not everyone can afford the ownership
of valuable assets.
Third, along the demand side of the sharing economy, everyone can contribute to
the “sharing” participation, the rating system of the sharing economy and the sharing
community, however, there is no effective incentive mechanism to encourage users
to participate, well behave or contribute to the ecosystem’s selfregulation.

2.4 SHARING ECONOMY IS SEGMENTED

SHARING is a common belief, however, the sharing economy is totally segmented
into many closed circles.
Let’s look the current sharing economy landscape.

The Internet had its genesis as a tool for sharing information, and its earliest
iterations served only select scientific and military communities. Over time, it became
the World Wide Web, incorporating the power of peer-to-peer networking. It’s not just
information that’s shared today – it’s just about everything. It might be a ride across

town, or across the continent. Travelers share their homes, investors share their
ideas and anyone with high-value assets or skills is able to make them accessible,
for a price, to a global marketplace – as part of the sharing economy.
However, the sharing economy is not yet interconnected. Every industry has its own
central node, its own rules and mechanisms, its own user information and transaction
information. This current state of affairs is against the original principle of sharing
everything and connecting everything.

We believe the potential of the sharing economy can only truly be unlocked if all parts
are interconnected into a single sharing economy ecosystem.

One protocol, a mutually integrated operating mechanism, one value, to achieve a
truly efficient and highly self-regulating and self-upgrading ecosystem.

ODYSSEY is aiming to utilise blockchain technology together with AI and Big Data
to overcome all the obstacles on the road to build a future sharing economy.

In Homer's epic poem "The Odyssey," the main character Odysseus is rescued by
the Greek gods from his imprisonment after the fall of Troy and embarks on a
treacherous journey to return to his homeland. During the journey, he faces many
obstacles that challenge his faith and loyalty. "The Odyssey" explores several virtues
and moral values that eventually lead to Odysseus's successful return: Loyalty, SelfControl, Perseverance and Compassion.

A journey back to what we truly believe in is never easy. Even though sometimes we
may falter and some of our decisions may have negative consequences, our
allegiance towards what we believe, love for what we believe and desire to return to
what we believe never wanes.

We will never lose our heart, our virtue, while facing opposing forces. We will stay
loyal to our faith, have self-control in the face of evil temptations, we will never give
up in front of obstacles and challenges. We once were looking out to conquer the

universe, and now we are returning home to make it a better place than when we left
it.
We desire to build a faithful sharing economy system where:
●

Everything can be shared, everything can be connected. Sharing is the
new ownership.

●

Everyone should have the full ownership of the data they possess and
create. Data must be freely owned, and will not be used to exchange for
the right to participate in the sharing economy system.

●

Freedom to share, free to share. Everyone who contributes to the
ODYSSEY sharing economy will receive proportional incentives for their
contribution, according to the ODYSSEY incentive mechanism.

●

Credit is not purchasable and Credit should be awarded according to
ODYSSEY’s Credit protocol mechanism.

●

The Sharing Economy should be non-monopoly and unbiased for
everyone.

●

The Sharing Economy should be autonomous in nature.

●

An autonomous, high efficiency,

low

cost,

Credit-based,

highly

incentivised

marketplace
●

Dynamic Economic Stimulation Mechanism to incentivise every individual who
participates in the sharing economy’s ecosystem.

●

Dynamic Economic Stimulation Mechanism to incentivise every DAPP (sub ecosystem)
who contributes to the sharing economy’s landscape.

●

ONE high quality payment network to connect the entire sharing economy.

●

ONE universal trustworthy Credit-based protocol and single UID to empower the entire
sharing economy

●

Open Source and embracing revolutionary ideals

In ODYSSEY, we highly value every participant in the entire ecosystem, and intend
to evaluate every individual’s contribution to the ecosystem based on the incentive
mechanism. Individuals, Groups, Dapps will all be able to contribute to the ecosystem
in the roles below:

5.1 ROLES IN THE ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM

1) SERVICE PROVIDER - EVERYTHING AS ASERVICE
As the foundation and core value creators of the ecosystem, service providers will
be incentivised with OCN based on the ODYSSEY incentive mechanism.

2) SERVICE REVIEWER - THE SUPPORTING FORCE OF THE COMMUNITY
Service Reviewer is an important role in the ecosystem by providing objective,
thorough reviews of previously purchased services, which will benefit both the
Service Providers as well as potential Service Consumers. This behaviour will be
incentivised with OCN based on the ODYSSEY incentive mechanism. Interactions
such as Like/Dislike/Comment/Share/Recommend/ will be incentivised with OCN as
per the ODYSSEY incentive mechanism.
The incentive mechanism will factor in both the quality of interactions and the user’s
Credit record. Improper interactions will be penalised with both OCN reduction and
Credit reduction.
3) SERVICE CONSUMER – THE BOOSTER OF THE ECOSYSTEM
Service Consumer is a critical role in the ecosystem. Service Consumers purchase
services with OCN, consumer’s behaviour quality during the entire service lifetime
will also be recorded and will dynamically impact the service consumer’s
Credit.
All these data are the foundation to be build a Credit-based, decentralised sharing
economy and the foundation of the peer to peer ecosystem.
4) COMMUNITY OPERATORS – THE GATE KEEPERS
In order to preserve the autonomy of the ecosystem, Community Operators will be
selected based on his/her Credit and overall contributions. Community Operators will
receive OCN incentives for monitoring and reporting services that are against the
Ecosystem’s benefit and operational protocol.

5)DEVELOPER - THE ECOSYSTEM CONSTRUCTOR
ODYSSEY is intended to be an open-source and highly incentivised system. All
developers

who

develop

Dapp

Sub-Ecosystems,

or

develop

supporting

services/tools for ODYSSEY or Sub-Ecosystems will receive OCN incentives based
on ODYSSEY's incentive mechanism.
ODYSSEY will also incentivise developers to contribute to the ecosystem protocols,
bug fixing, system upgrade, etc.

6)Miners
After ODYSSEY releases it’s Public Chain, miners are intended to play a significant
role in the ecosystem. miners will receive transaction fees.
5.2 OCN WALLET AND SMART CONTRACT

1) OCN WALLET
ODYSSEY intends to develop the ODYSSEY Wallet, which will handle all ODYSSEYrelated transaction activities such as creating the user’s wallet on the Ethereum
blockchain (or future ODYSSEY public chain).

In the ODYSSEY Wallet API/SDK, all communications are securely encrypted via
256-bit encryption. The Wallet’s private key will be only accessible by the wallet
owner. Transactions will only be authorised by the ODYSSEY wallet owner.
ODYSSEY does not keep any personal data within its system.

IThe complexity of transaction fees, encryption necessitating private and private key
management and alphanumeric addresses may create significant barriers to mass
adoption. To address these issues, ODYSSEY will plan to develop simpler
authentication methods such as biometric authentication. ODYSSEY will also utilise
different solutions to minimise transaction fees while keeping transactions fully
transparent.

2) SMART CONTRACT

ODYSSEY Smart contracts will be created on the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).

Smart contracts are used to immutably track and transfer value and safely manage
sensitive data. The information on Ethereum blockchain or future ODYSSEY public
chain is completely transparent and can be seen by anyone.

ODYSSEY

Smart

contract

is

the

core

and

universal

protocol

for

all

Dapp/subecosystems under one ODYSSEY ecosystem.

ODYSSEY will utilise IPFS (Interplanetary File System) to further protect sensitive
information with additional hash capabilities and creating permissioned blocks.

ODYSSEY smart contract will access information on ODYSSEY in order to execute
Credit-based protocol, this information can only be accessed by users with the
blockchain address and key to the hash.

5.3 ODYSSEY SYSTEM INCENTIVE STIMULATION PROTOCOL

ODYSSEY smart contract is designed to include an effective economy stimulation
mechanism to encourage everyone to contribute to the ecosystem.

All incentives awarded will be directly related to the Credit of their recipient, in order
to encourage and regulate all users to provide good quality services, provide
objective reviews, to ultimately enable the ecosystem to be autonomous.

ODYSSEY Credit protocol will set a minimum Credit value and a maximum Credit
cap. Users will need to reach minimum Credit value in order to be able to receive
incentives, and Credit value will be capped at maximum Credit cap.

In ODYSSEY, the principle is that all forms of contribution from anyone should be
incentivised and have a clear incentive mechanism. This is essential to continuous
improvement of the ecosystem towards higher and higher levels of functionality.

1) CREDIT RATING
In the ODYSSEY Ecosystem, all profit generated from each service rendered will go
directly to the service providers. Additional system incentives will also be dynamically
related to the service providers’ real time Credit rating, as well as the entire
ecosystem’s service provider density and transaction volume. There will be more

incentives received as per better rating, more incentives received for services
successfully rendered during periods of low supply and low transaction volume.

2) SYSTEM INCENTIVES FOR EARLY USERS
To promote circulation of services within ODYSSEY, early users in the ODYSSEY
Ecosystem will enjoy higher system incentives from the incentive pool. As the
ecosystem scales, this bonus in system incentives will reduce, and eventually decay
to 0. When the ecosystem is fully established, supply and demand will be entirely
generated and incentivised from within, without relying on any Early contributor
system incentives.

3) SYSTEM INCENTIVES FOR QUALITY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Good services should be incentivised, the more a service is purchased, used,
recognised, or recommended, the more incentives it will receive.

4) SYSTEM INCENTIVES FOR GOOD SERVICE CONSUMERS
Good quality consumers should be incentivised. Service consumers with frequent
usage of services, larger transaction amounts and better community contribution will
be given more incentives for consuming services on ODYSSEY.

5) SYSTEM INCENTIVES FOR ACTIVE SERVICE REVIEWERS

Reviews in the ODYSSEY Ecosystem are always highly valued. Good quality reviews
are critical in regulating the healthy growth of the ecosystem, they encourage the
service providers to improve the quality of service rendered, and help to promote
better quality services throughout the entire ecosystem. The reviews are intended to
be peer regulated, and will be linked to the service reviewer’s Credit. If the service
reviewer’s review has more support from other reviewers than disagreement, the
reviewer will be given system incentives and positive Credit.

5.4 ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM STIMULATION PROTOCOL

It is intended that all Dapp sub-ecosystems who participate and contribute to
ODYSSEY are incentivised.

All Dapp sub-ecosystems have the potential to highly increase the variety of services
within the entire system and contribute to the integration of all data based on the
same protocol on blockchain to increase ecosystem effectiveness.

All Dapp sub-ecosystem integrated into the ODYSSEY Ecosystem will be
incentivised dynamically based on their user base size and quality, DAU and growth
rate, etc.
Dapp sub-ecosystems which are developed or integrated early in the ODYSSEY
Ecosystem will have higher incentives to recognise its contribution to the growth of
the ecosystem.
5.5 USER CREDIT PROTOCOL

Service Provider and Service Consumer transactions will follow a mutual selection
mechanism, Service Providers have the right to select service consumers with better
Credit rating, and vice versa.

5.6 PURCHASE OF SERVICES

Service providers are free to set a dynamic price for their services. Service
consumers may purchase services with OCN or sub-ecosystem coins.

5.7 TRAFFIC ACQUISITION

After the ODYSSEY Ecosystem has reached a reasonable scale of user base and
traffic, there is intended development of an advertisement system enabling more
Dapps to efficiently acquire users with OCN. All advertisement profits in the
ODYSSEY Ecosystem will be cycled back into the system incentive pool to further
stimulate the growth of the ecosystem. ODYSSEY does not intend to take any
commission fees.

5.8 TRANSACTION PROTOCOL

The blockchain transaction confirmation mechanism is critical to enable the
autonomous self-regulating of the ecosystem.

1) TRANSACTION PROTOCOL
ODYSSEY will strictly monitor and eliminate click farming. All transactions will be
frozen in the system for 7 days. During this period, the user may only view his/her
transaction. Meanwhile, the system validates the transaction. Once validated, tokens
will be transferred into the user’s OCN wallet.
5.9 COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE

1) BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors is the supreme decision-making body of the Foundation and
is responsible for overall development and strategic direction. The Board of Directors
is responsible for reviewing and approving the Foundation’s major affairs, such as
strategic planning, budgeting, updating protocol in the ecosystem on behalf of the

Foundation. The Board of Directors will be selected by the members of the
Foundation.

2)COMMUNITY COMMITTEE
10 Community Committee member will be selected every year. Community
Committee will be selected through voting, from users above the minimum required
Credit rating for this committee. Voting power will be based on OCN holding volume.
The Community Committee will be entitled to vote for improvements and projects for
ODYSSEY, and the voting results will be presented to the Board of Directors for
consideration. The voting results will be influential, but for the avoidance of doubt,
the Community Committee shall have no right or control whatsoever over the
Foundation's assets or the management thereof, which shall remain under the full
and absolute control of the Board of Directors.

5.10 ALGORITHMS

1) EARLY CONTRIBUTOR INCENTIVE PSEUDO CODE

Efficiency of a Sharing Economy highly depends on supply and demand sufficiency.
In order to better incentivise more participants from both supply and demand sides,
ODYSSEY will incorporate incentive mechanisms to incentivise early stage
contributors. As the ecosystem scales, this bonus in system incentives will reduce,
and eventually decay to 0.:

Sample Algorithm:

supplyMarketRatio = min (PRE_SET_SUPPLY_VOLUME/currentSupplyVolume，
SUPPLY_THREASHOLD)
demandMarketRatio = min (PRE_SET_SUPPLY_VOLUME/currentSupplyVolume，
DEMAND_THREASHOLD)
// less supply, more incentive
serviceProvider. incentive = min (serviceProvider.credit, MAX_CREDIT) *
overSupplyRaito * incentiveRatio // less demand, more incentive
serviceBuyer. incentive = min (serviceBuyer.credit, MAX_CREDIT) *
demandMarketRatio * incentiveRatio

2) QUALITY SERVICE INCENTIVE ALGORITHM

In order to better measure the quality of services in the ODYSSEY Ecosystem and
encourage long term good behaviour in the community, ODYSSEY protocol will
update all service providers’ Credit rating after each service completion.
Sample Algorithm:
credit = alpha * lastCredit + latestCredit;
Alpha is decay factor. A service provider’s most recent services provided will have a
higher impact on its Credit rating, and this will incentivise service provider to
continuously improve their service quality.
In order to better review a complete service, ODYSSEY's system will consider
feedback from the user end and the actual transaction value. Every service will have
a different transaction value, the higher the transaction value, the higher the
willingness to pay by the service user; consequently, the more responsibility a service
provide should have. ODYSSEY intends to design a value function to balance the
impact from service quality and price.

Sample Algorithm:

If there is good score or remark related to this service latestCredit
= 2 * value (serviceFee)
If there is bad score or remark related to this service lastestCredit
= -1 * value (serviceFee)
Else

latestCredit

=

value

(serviceFee)

3) QUALITY SERVICE CONSUMER INCENTIVE ALGORITHM

To better measure the Service Consumer Behaviour in the ODYSSEY Ecosystem
and encourage long term good behaviour in the community, ODYSSEY protocol will
update all service consumer’ Credit rating after each service completion.

Sample Algorithm:

credit = alpha * lastCredit + latestCredit;
Alpha is decay factor, a service consumer’s most recent behaviours while receiving
services will have higher impact on his/her Credit rating, this intends to incentivise
service consumer to continuously improve their behaviour .

If there is good score or remark related to the consumer for this session：
latestCredit = 2 * value (serviceFee)
If there is bad score or remark related to this service lastestCredit
= -1 * value (serviceFee)
Else

latestCredit

=

value

(serviceFee)

4) ACTIVE SERVICE REVIEWER INCENTIVE ALGORITHM

Service reviewers will be incentivised to provide timely and objective comments on
service providers. This will encourage service providers to provide better quality
services and also help promote their services to more potential consumers.

Reviews and Comments should be posted as soon as possible. ODYSSEY will
introduce a timeValue() function, the value of a review will decay as time passes.
Reviews and Comments will receive more incentives in the early stage of the
ecosystem, to better incentivise early contributors to build the ecosystem. ODYSSEY
intends to introduce the function commentValue(), this value will reduce as number
of comments increases.

Sample Algorithm:

reviewerIncentive = timeValue(T) * commentValue (number) * value (serviceFee) *
reviewIncentiveRatio

5) ECOSYSTEM STIMULATION

To better incentivise sub-ecosystems to be integrated into the ODYSSEY Ecosystem.
ODYSSEY will design an incentive mechanism for Dapp’s contribution to the
ODYSSEY Ecosystem based on the Dapp’s DAU, growth rate, user behaviours, etc.

User Behaviours include but are not limited to: total transaction amount, number of
comments etc. All the data generated will be part of ODYSSEY’s DNA and will exist
within the ODYSSEY Ecosystem.

Sample algorithm:

dAppIncentive

=

userValue(activeDAU)

dataValue(commentNum) * incentiveRatio

*

totalTokenConsumed

*

userValue() can be designed as a laddered function, different user number ranges
having different calculation factors. This will measure the user base contribution from
Dapps to the entire ecosystem.

dataValue() can be designed as a laddered function, different comments number
ranges having different calculation factors, this will better incentivise Dapp to
encourage users to provide valuable comments and inputs.

As per other aforementioned cases, ODYSSEY intends provide more incentives to
early traffic contributors.

6.1 THE TRUE VALUE OF PRIVACY, DECENTRALISED DATA STORAGE VIA
BLOCKCHAIN

ODYSSEY will build a system to keep all information on distributed storage via
blockchain. Some significant characteristics of blockchain such as, data is copied &
maintained by multiple participants; data can be only read and cannot be modified,
ensuring that all the data storage, transaction verifications and information
transmission will be decentralised and credible.

The adoption of a decentralised structure will save costs in areas of data integration,
calculation and maintenance of a central platform. The abovementioned
characteristics will help to improve operational efficiency and reduce costs within the
sharing economy.

The blockchain data characteristics of authenticity, tamper-proofing, completeness
and transparency provide convenience for legal evidence tracking and aid in the
prevention of malicious activities. Distributed billing & storage systems improve the
fault tolerance of data as well. The excellent & strong anonymity of blockchain has

the potential to protect user privacy so users’ personal data will not be leaked to an
unauthorised third party.
 SUPPLY SIDE

/ Personal Information, Transaction Record,Community

Interactions, Credit Information, Coin Wallet, etc
 DEMAND SIDE

/

PersonalInformation, Asset

Information, Community

Interactions, Credit In- formation, Transaction Record. Coin Wallet, etc
 DAPP

/ Traffic, User Base quality and size, Coin Wallet, Service

Data, Credit Information, advertisement, etc.

6.2 THE RETURN OF CREDIT, SMART CONTRACT EMPOWERED CREDITBASED PROTOCOL
ODYSSEY Credit-based protocol is designed to integrate “Credit” in the entire
ecosystem in an encrypted manner.
Instead of the post-transaction mutual rating system in the existing sharing economy,
ODYSSEY’s Credit-based protocol will extend to all activities in the ecosystem.
According to ODYSSEY’s Credit mechanism, all user actions can potentially be
factored into the user’s unique Credit matrix which will be encrypted on the blockchain.
Credit Matrix will highly impact everyone’s life in the ecosystem in the areas of: user
rights & privileges, the cost of the next activity participation in the system, penalty or
elimination from the system, and possibly more. It is envisaged that the rating
systems among different types of functions and services will be integrated into one
single central rating matrix and be universal across entire ODYSSEY ecosystem.
 SUPPLY SIDE / Viewing, Voting, Reviewing, Rating, Behaviour, Sharing,
Promoting, Transaction, etc
 DEMAND SIDE / Asset Rating, Service Rating, Behaviour, Transaction, etc
 DAPP

/ Service Quality, Traffic Quality, etc

6.3 A SHARING ECONOMY FOR ALL - A DYNAMIC INCENTIVE MECHANISM

We believe incentivisation is a critical stimulator to the sharing

economy.

ODYSSEY’S

economy

stimulator

mechanism

will

measure

all

parties

(supply/demand/Dapp) contribution to the ecosystem.
 SUPPLY SIDE / Viewing, Searching, Voting, Reserving, Using, Inviting,
Rating, etc
 DEMAND SIDE / Listing, Sharing, Promoting, Rating, ROI, etc
 DAPP / Traffic acquisition, cross-sub-ecosystem collaboration, contribution to
ODYSSEY’s mechanism upgrade etc.

All interactions (peer-to-peer, peer-to-Dapp, Dapp-to-Dapp) will be incentivised with
ODYSSEY token “OCN” by the system according to the mechanism algorithm. This
is to incentivise the participation, contribution, community building, integration and
scaling of the sharing economy.
All interactions (peer-to-peer, peer-to-Dapp, Dapp-to-Dapp) will also be associated
with “OCN” flow from both sides of the interaction, which means Interactions =
Transactions = two side incentives, so that incentivisation can happen from the
upstream of the sharing economy actions, instead of being limited to service level
transactions.
Apart from the existing shared assets. ODYSSEY users are intended to be able to
invest in existing assets, or crowdfund future assets. This will also occur under the
one universal Credit protocol, one economic stimulation mechanism.
In the ODYSSEY Ecosystem, everything can be shared, everything can be connected,
all interactions can be incentivised, it envisioned to be an entirely unbiased
mechanism where anyone may freely share and trade.
6.4 CONNECTING THE DOTS, THE ULTIMATE ONE SHARING ECONOMY

In ODYSSEY, all Dapps are sub-ecosystems, among which, OCN is the main token,
all sub-ecosystems can develop its own token based on ODYSSEY OCN standard,
OCN 20, which will make it easier for the token exchanges and Dapp support.

Each sub-ecosystem may acquire it’s own traffic, conduct fundraising, contribute
knowledge in the area of AI and big data towards the entire ODYSSEY Ecosystem ,
using OCN, while receiving OCN incentives based on the ODYSSEY economy
stimulation mechanism.

Value can be circulated in the entire ecosystem, with a single UID, universal protocol
and mechanisms.

6.5 THE FOUNDATION OF GLOBAL PEER TO PEER ECOSYSTEM

Combining Blockchain smart contracts with AI and Big data, ODYSSEY aims to
enable an entirely peer to peer ecosystem with high efficiency and a lower operating
cost than before.
ODYSSEY’s Credit-based ecosystem will go beyond the sharing economy to create
an entirely peer to peer ecosystem, to provide Dapp development support, and an
effective advertisement system for user acquisition, exchange, and other ecological
projects.
To address inherent limitations within Blockchain technology such as scaling,
ODYSSEY will employ a strategy to deal with the scaling challenge.This strategy
consists of performing off-chain transactions in a safe and reliable manner, then
recording these transactions in the EVM at a later time. The Ethereum road map
includes plans to address this challenge, and once a plan is widely accepted in the
EVM, ODYSSEY will adopt that solution when it becomes available, but in order to
fulfill the current roadmap, ODYSSEY currently intends to build on an already existing
solution.

ODYSSEY’s official token is OCN.

The native digital token of ODYSSEY ("OCN") is another major component of the
ecosystem on ODYSSEY. The Distributor of OCN shall be an affiliate of the
Foundation.

OCN is a non-refundable functional utility token which will be used as the basic unit
of exchange between participants on ODYSSEY. OCN does not in any way represent
any shareholding, participation, right, title, or interest in the Foundation, its affiliates,
or any other company, enterprise or undertaking, nor will OCN entitle token holders
to any promise of fees, revenue, profits or investment returns, and are not intended
to constitute securities in Singapore or any relevant jurisdiction. OCN may only be
utilised on ODYSSEY, and ownership of OCN carries no rights, express or implied,
other than the right to use OCN as a means to enable usage of and interaction with
ODYSSEY.

When the native blockchain is online, OCN is designed to be used as virtual crypto
“fuel” for using certain designed functions on ODYSSEY (such as executing
transactions and running the distributed applications on ODYSSEY), providing the
economic incentives which will be consumed to encourage participants to contribute
and maintain the ecosystem on ODYSSEY. Computational resources are required
for running various applications and executing transactions on ODYSSEY, as well as
the validation and verification of additional blocks / information on the blockchain,
thus providers of these services / resources would require payment for the
consumption of these resources (i.e. "mining"), and OCN will be used as the unit of
exchange to quantify and pay the costs of the consumed computational resources.
OCN is an integral and indispensable part of ODYSSEY, because in the absence of
OCN, there would be no common unit of exchange to pay for these costs, thus
rendering the ecosystem on ODYSSEY unsustainable.
In particular, you understand and accept that OCN:
(a) is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in
any other virtual currency) or any payment obligation by the Foundation or any
affiliate;
(b) does not represent or confer on the token holder any right of any form with
respect to the Foundation (or any of its affiliates) or its revenues or assets,
including without limitation any right to receive future revenue, shares, ownership
right or stake, share or security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation,
proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal
rights or equivalent rights, or intellectual property rights or any other form of
participation in or relating to ODYSSEY, the Foundation, the Distributor and/or
their service providers;
(c) is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money),
security, commodity, bond, debt instrument or any other kind of financial
instrument or investment;

(d) is not a loan to the Foundation or any of its affiliates, is not intended to represent
a debt owed by the Foundation or any of its affiliates, and there is no expectation
of profit; and
(e) does not provide the token holder with any ownership or other interest in the
Foundation or any of its affiliates.

The contributions in the token sale will be held by the Distributor (or its affiliate) after
the token sale, and contributors will have no economic or legal right over or beneficial
interest in these contributions or the assets of that entity after the token sale.
To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading OCN does develop, it
would be run and operated wholly independently of the Foundation, the Distributor,
the sale of OCN and ODYSSEY. Neither the Foundation nor the Distributor will create
such secondary markets nor will either entity act as an exchange for OCN.

TOKEN SPECS
●

Total OCN tokens: 10 billion

●

OCN token is ERC20

●

Participant’s wallets must be ETH ERC20 compatible

●

Token Sale accepts: ETH

8.1 ODYSSEY Tech Team

Ranran Liu
Former senior engineer in Tencent; Technology director in SND (shanda). Has rich
experiences in blockchain Technology, advertising algorithm, big data, system
architecture and technology management.
Minxu Liu
Former data & algorithm expert in Alibaba; Key developer to design taobao's data
platform and recommendation engine.

Xianlong Shao
Former Senior Engineer in PingAn; Familiar with large-scale advertising business
logic, involved in the development of the core module.

Gaven Zhou
Graduated from Shanghai Tongji University, Computer Science and Technology
Faculty in 2009. Worked as Key Technical Support and Program Lead Positions in
many well-known companies including Tencent, Sony, Sohu ChangYou , Mokylin.

Chief Program Developer in Mokylin "Nationwide Warriors" project, the product was
later managed by Tencent WeChat Team, and then sold to Guangzhou 37wan
company at RMB 2.7 billion. CEO of Shanghai Magic Iron Technology Co.,Ltd, Around valuation 60 Million RMB in 2015.

Bobby Yan
Graduated from Central South University , Computer Science Faculty. Has work
experience in many large companies, and has 13 years of program experience, is
proficient in various programming languages such as C #, C ++, JS, Node.js and has
extensive experience in project framework design and logic coding. Project direction
involves games, financial products, gambling products, AR / VR etc.

Tank Hou
Graduated from Tongji University and has work experience in a number of large
companies such as SNDA a and Mokylin. He has 11 years of server development
experience. Proficient in a variety of server-side frame design. He has a variety of
user-level server frame development experience.

Conster Liu
Graduated from Beijing Jiaotong University, Computer Science Faculty. Have 10
years of experience in Information Security Technology. Has work experience in
large-scale companies including Tencent and Mokylin, as a user Information Security
Technology related position. Experienced in user information security, prevention of
third-party attacks, plug-in technology etc.

Tommy Lu
Graduated from Shanghai Donghua University, Information Systems Faculty in 2008.
Has 10 years of experience in Program Development, worked in the Komura, Sohu
Changyou, 2K China and many other well-known companies. And in many
companies his position was Chief Program Developer, Technical Support and others.

Winnie Wei
Graduated from Huanggang High School (top high school in China) in 2007 and
Graduated from Tongji University in 2011. During her tenure in school, she received
first-class scholarship each year and has work experience as Chief Officer in various
social organisations in the school. After graduation, she joined Microsoft directly (the
only member with a bachelor's degree in Microsoft in 2011) and joined MTK in 2015.

8.2 ODYSSEY Advisory Team

Mr. Yi Shi - Chief Advisor
Yi Shi is the founder & CEO of technology company DotC United Group. The
company owns mobile advertising platform Avazu, app developer DotC and data
business intelligence platform Noogenesis. In 2014, Shi founded Teebik which is
focused on global mobile game publishing. In 2015, Shi sold Avazu to
Shenzhenlisted gaming company Zeus Entertainment for more than $300 million to
realise a back door listing onto China's A-Share, and he continued to oversee Avazu's
advertising operations. In 2017, he privatised Avazu from A-Share and injected all
Avazu's assets into DotC United Group within a $360 million transaction.

Yi Shi is recognised 3 times by Forbes as one of China's and Asia's 30 under 30
entrepreneurs, made to 2016 Fortune China 40 Under 40, and Hurun 30 Under 30
for China 2017.

Chandler Guo – Advisor
Chandler Guo is a renowned angel investor in Bitcoin and advisor to many blockchain
startups. He has invested in 30+ blockchain startups.

Lijie Wang - Advisor
PreAngel Fund Founding Partner (0.1 Billion RMB FUND), invested in more than 300
Tech Startups in China and United States.

PreAngel started blockchain investment in 2014 and was angel investor of NEO and
ObEN PAI. Other investment include: ETP、TSL、WAX、BFT、BAI、SPC、 ACAT、
CAF、IOTX、VSC、DRC、Scry、AIChain、OceanChain、PokerCoin、
ELA、Penta、Lino、SmartMesh、Meshbox、Zeepin、AppCoin、Gifto、MatchX、

Linkeye、ArcBlock、iCube、Bluzelle、Primas、Fortuna、Origin Protocol、Ocean
Protocol、Cybereits.

Le Xu- Advisor - Advisor
Game.com Founder and CEO
Founder of TOPGAME，Game.com & nihao.com

Mr. Goh Jian Kai (Jake) - Advisor
Jake graduated from National University of Singapore and New York University with
Bachelor’s Degree in Economics & Technopreneurship. He is the founder and CEO
of RateX, a cross border payment solution and one of the fastest growing Fintech in
Southeast Asia.

Mr. Aaron Tan - Advisor
As the CEO of Carro Singapore, Mr. Aaron Tan has a passion for startups company,
business strategy and Java.

Launched in June 2015, Carro is SEA's largest automotive transactional marketplace
which makes online car buying and selling a breeze. Carro's mission is to promote
transparency and trust in the automotive industry. The company has raised over $20
million in funding to date and are currently present in Singapore, Indonesia and
Thailand.

Mr. Samuel Chan - Advisor
With double degree in Science and Economics from the University of Michigan, Mr.
Samuel Chan is the Vice President, Trader, Asian Fx & Interest Rates Head of
Temasek.

Incorporated in 1974, Temasek is an investment company headquartered in
Singapore. Supported by 10 offices internationally, Temasek owns a net portfolio
value of S$275 billion (US$197 billion) as at 31 March 2017.

Former Vice President of ING with Proven Expertise in managing (i) client flows; and
(ii) alpha / relative carry positions and very strong experience in product pricing,
valuation, structuring, and risk management.

Former Ministry of Finance Desk Head, with rich experience in public policy
formulation and implementation; focus on corporate/ international tax advisory. As
Speechwriter for the Finance Minister, Samuel works closely with the government's
senior management and political leadership.

Mr. Yinglan Tan - Advisor
Educated at Harvard, Stanford and Carnegie Mellon, Mr.Tan Yinglan is Founding
Managing Partner at Insignia Ventures Partners. Prior to this, he was Venture Partner
at Sequoia Capital where he was the first hire in Southeast Asia. On the investment
front, Yinglan sourced multiple investment opportunities for Sequoia India including
Tokopedia, Go-jek, Carousell, Appier (where he represented Sequoia on the board),
Dailyhotel (where he represented Sequoia on the board), Pinkoi and 99.co. He was
also involved with evaluation of these opportunities, diligence, writing of investment
notes and supporting the investments with strategy, recruiting, business development
and fundraising.

Yinglan was honoured as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in
2012. He also serves on the WEF Technology Pioneer Selection Committee Panel
(2015-2017), Young Leader by the Milken Institute (2016), Top “40 leaders under 40”
by Prestige Magazine (2015), one of 100 Leaders of Tomorrow by the St Gallen
Symposium (2010), 100 Global Thinkers (2011) by think-tank Lo Spazio della Politica,
a World Cities Summit Young Leader (2014), a WEF Global Agenda Council member
on Fostering Entrepreneurship (2011-2013) and a Kauffman Fellow. Yinglan is the
author of 3 books, namely, The Way Of the VC: Having Top Venture Capitalists On

Your Board.(Wiley, 2009), Chinnovation - How Chinese Innovators are Changing the
World (Wiley 2010) and textbook New Venture
Creation – Entrepreneurship for the 21st Century - An Asian Perspective (Mcgraw
Hill 2011).
Mr. Tim Phang - Advisor
Tim Phang is the General Manager of oBike's Singapore operations. Previously he
led the marketing science capability at Uber for Asia-Pacific, during which time he
oversaw the development of machine learning models to improve marketing
effectiveness. Prior to that he led enterprise product development for advertising
effectiveness measurement at LinkedIn, based in Asia. During this time, he served
on the Interactive Advertising Bureau's Measurement and Standards Committee for
South-East Asia, where he led the definition of common metrics and implementation
of best practices for marketers using social media. Tim graduated from the University
of New South Wales with degrees in Mathematics and Finance, and was a
management consultant at Ernst and Young in Australia before being based in
Singapore.

9.1 AWS
Odyssey(OCN) announced that it has officially partnered with AWS Technology.
With access to AWS cloud services in Southeast Asia, Odyssey(OCN) will enable a
new form of global sharing economy to fly.In the future, through access to AWS
services in Southeast Asia, Odyssey(OCN) will depend on the AWS cloud service
advantages, continue to shared economic blockchain technology, effectively
reduce transaction costs of industry participants in sharing economic operation,
build reputation/credit based business system.

9.2 TRON
TRON - Meet Decentralised Internet, The next Web 4.0 blockchain Dapp platform.
TRON is a world-leading blockchain-based decentralised protocol that aims to
construct a worldwide free content entertainment system with the blockchain and
distributed storage technology. The protocol allows each user to freely publish, store
and own data, and in the decentralised autonomous form, decides the distribution,
subscription and push of contents and enables content creators by releasing,
circulating and dealing with digital assets, thus forming a decentralised content
entertainment ecosystem.
ODYSSEY will partner with TRON to enable cross-ecosystem collaboration.

9.3 IBM
IBM (International Business Machines Corporation) is an American multinational
technology company headquartered in Armonk, New York, United States, with
operations in over 170 countries. The company began in 1911 as the ComputingTabulating-Recording Company (CTR) and was renamed "International Business
Machines" in 1924. IBM manufactures and markets computer hardware,
middleware and software, and provides hosting and consulting services in areas
ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology. IBM is also a major
research organization, holding the record for most U.S. patents generated by a
business (as of 2018) for 25 consecutive years.

9.4 SEMI & SEMA
Odyssey(OCN) has a strategic partnership with Singapore Economics &
Management Institute (SEMI) and Singapore Economics & Management Advisory
(SEMA). Odyssey(OCN) will be part of SEMIs curriculum to educate about
Blockchain tech. Odyssey(OCN) will build new partnerships in Singapore and
around the world through SEMA.

9.5 DUCATUS
Ducatus is creating an ecosystem that links Ducatus to people and the various
industries that serve their needs, from lifestyle, travel and hospitality, to health,
charity and more. It is powered by a combination of world-class digital
infrastructure, an extensive network distribution system and a suite of related
Crypto-Economy businesses, including Ducatus Cafes in Singapore and Bali, and
a projected 100 more franchises worldwide in the next 3 years. Odyssey(OCN) has
partnered with Ducatus to allow users to transact using the OCN at Ducatus
platforms, the first of which is the acceptance of OCN at the Ducatus Café in
Singapore.

9.6 ACCESS
Odyssey(OCN) has officially become a Member of the Singapore Cryptocurrency
and Blockchain Association ACCESS. ACCESS facilitates the exchange of ideas,
knowledge and resources in the cryptocurrency field. By partnering with a wide
range of organisations, the association also aims to promote the use and
development of its Members' digital currencies and Blockchain across multiple
industries. Odyssey(OCN) believes that a united public voice and platform for the
Singaporean cryptocurrency and blockchain community will allow all players to
have stronger engagement with the private sector and government.

9.7 SINGAPORE FINTECH ASSOCIATION
The SFA is a cross-industry not-for-profit initiative that provides stakeholders and
market participants across the Fintech sector with a platform to facilitate a
marketplace for collaboration and solution building in Singapore. Odyssey(OCN)
will look to work closely together with the SFA and use it as a vehicle to be
connected to like-minded blockchain players and enthusiasts to foster strategic
partnerships and spread the idea behind Odyssey(OCN)’s protocol of building the
next-generation decentralized sharing economy & Peer to Peer Ecosystem.

9.8 BITPUB
Odyssey(OCN) is happy to introduce BitPub, a new one-stop Blockchain Service
Platform App developed by our strategic partner DotC United Group, which
integrate market data, chat community, and assets management.
With the aim to gather the most essential insights and tools right in the pocket of
crypto enthusiasts alike, BitPub combines all the key features of MEW(with ERC20
and BTC support), CMC and Telegram.
You can track real-time market data and chat with your friends with one click in the
major

mainstream

blockchain

communities.

Additionally,

you

can

create/import/wallet, such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and ERC20 Tokens.

9.9 BlockAsia
Odyssey(OCN) has announced official media partnership with BlockAsia.
BlockAsia is Southeast Asia’s largest blockchain and cryptocurrency news media
platform for all information, revelation and sources regarding the latest Blockchain,
ICOs and Cryptocurrency projects. With this collaboration, Odyssey(OCN) aims to
gain exposure within the Southeast Asian and Korean market by tapping into Block
Asia’s media resources. Through this move, Odyssey(OCN) also hopes to be able
to expand its Southeast Asian reach, all the while cultivating and engaging a
brand-new community.

Phase 1: MVP Realisation (2018.2 ~ 2018.10)
 OCN Wallet
 Credit-Based Universal Protocol for ODYSSEY Sharing Economy Ecosystem
 Incentive Mechanism for sharing economy participants
Phase 2 - Ecosystem Establishment (2018.10 ~ 2019.10)
 Integrate subsequent batches of sharing economy and P2P system o
t ODYSSEY
ecosystem, with services across more standard product and services (like bike
sharing) to more customized product and services (like accomodation sharing).
 ODYSSEY will adopt latest solution to address inherent limitations within Etherem
Blockchain

technology especially for

high-frequency

and

small

amount

transactions.
 ODYSSEY will also consider employ a strategy to deal with the scaling challenge.
For example, by performing off-chain transactions in a safe and reliable manner,

then record these transactions in the EVM at a later time. we will adopt that best
solution as it becomes available.
Phase 3 - Ecosystem Booming (2019.10 ~ 2021.10)
 To build one data and transaction system to connect all sub-ecosystems,
leveraging the universal Credit-based ODYSSEY protocol
 Utilizing data across all sub-ecosystems, leveraging AI and Big Data Technology to
increase overall market effectiveness, user acquisition ROI and ecosystem health
growth.

Consideration of Odyssey underlying technology
Odyssey will start the MVP implementation on top of Ethereum. While considering for
a typical P2P usage, high concurrence 、 small amount payment 、 user data
storage all will be a big challenge for today’s Ethereum blockchain, we are closely
monitoring the various technologies been developed in the community and will
migrate our business to suitable one when it’s ready.
Usually Decentralisation, scalability and security are the trilemma at play. First, let’s
take a further look into consensus mechanism. Current PoW is limited by many
factors including network speed so that the consensus achieved through the whole
network is limited. From PoW to PoS, to DPoS and many various PBFT algorithms,
there are various good metrics for each. And it’s proved that with DPos or PZBFT
consensus mechanism, the transaction confirmation in the blockchain can be rather
fast with tremendous throughput guaranteed. DPoS leverages the power of
stakeholder approval voting to resolve consensus issues in a fair and democratic way.

DPoS uses a reputation system and real-time voting to achieve consensus, which
allows transacations to be confirmed very fast. The selected trusted parties are
eligible to create blocks and prevent non-trusted parties from participating. Those
delegates, who are responsible for creating blocks, are unable to change transaction
details. It can be treated as a more efficient PoS algorithm with more decentralisation
consideration. Today Bitshares and EOS programs are based on DPos and have
achieved remarkable progress, and it appears that DPos would be a good candidate
for consensus protocol selection.
There are some further approaches to optimizing transaction confirmation with good
potential for scaling:

1. Sharding. Currently,
stores all states

in

all

blockchain

protocols

each

node

(account balances, contract code and storage, etc.) and processes all transactions.
Sharing will allow each node only process part of the transaction and greatly relieve
the loading of each node. Currently Ethereum plans to go with this approach.
2. Lighting Network and State Channel. These strategies attempt to conduct the
transaction off the train without delegation of trust and ownership. In such situation,
the decentralised ledger does not hold all the details, meaning that there is some
tradeoff in security.

ODYSSEY is actively exploring whether Sharing + DPoS may be applied well to the
required usage scenarios.
3. Decentralised content storage
We hope the whole information related to service provider and service consumer are
transparent and unable to tamper with. As the data is not trivial to be able to store in
today’s blochchain, we are actively seeking a decentralised storage solution so that
the small while critical data that has to be stored in blockchain and the large amount

of user data can be separated. And among those candidates, we think IPFS is a good
solution and will deploy our service on top of that once it’s available.

RISKS

You acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with
purchasing OCN, holding OCN, and using OCN for participation in ODYSSEY.
1. Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions
The regulatory status of OCN and distributed ledger technology is unclear or
unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether
regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations or create new regulations with
respect to such technology and its applications, including OCN and/or ODYSSEY.
Regulatory actions could negatively impact OCN and/or ODYSSEY in various ways.
The Foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event
that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in
such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory
approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.

After consulting with a wide range of legal advisors and continuous analysis of the
development and legal structure of virtual currencies, the Foundation will apply a
cautious approach towards the sale of OCN. Therefore, for the crowdsale, the
Foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy in order to avoid relevant legal
risks as much as possible.

2. Competitors
It is possible that alternative networks could be established that utilise the same or
similar code and protocol underlying OCN and/or ODYSSEY and attempt to
recreate similar facilities. ODYSSEY may be required to compete with these
alternative networks, which could negatively impact OCN and/or ODYSSEY.

3. Failure to develop
There is the risk that the development of ODYSSEY will not be executed or
implemented as planned, for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the
event of a decline in the prices of any digital asset, virtual currency or OCN,
unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage of development funds for activities.

4. Security weaknesses
Hackers or other malicious groups or organisations may attempt to interfere with OCN
and/or ODYSSEY in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks,
denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and
spoofing. Furthermore, there is a risk that a third party or a member of the Foundation
or its affiliates may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core
infrastructure of OCN and/or ODYSSEY, which could negatively affect OCN and/or
ODYSSEY.
5. Other risks
In addition to the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set
out in the Terms and Conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use of
OCN, including those that the Foundation cannot anticipate. Such risks may further

materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of the aforementioned risks.
You should conduct full due diligence on the Foundation, its affiliates and the
ODYSSEY team, as well as understand the overall framework and vision for
ODYSSEY prior to purchasing OCN.

