The world's first decentralized
marketplace providing AI-driven
solutions to retailers,
manufacturers, and consumers

company@osadc.io
www.osadc.io

Table of Contents
Executive Summary
Introduction
The High Cost of Empty Shelves and Damaged Packaging
Who Are Our Customers and Stakeholders?
Existing Projects in Retail Technology
Comparison with Direct Competitors That Use Blockchain Technology
Our Current Traction and Achievements
Product Roadmap
TECHNICAL ASPECTS - B2B
New Client Onboarding Explained
Assessing the Client Data Infrastructure
Setting Up and Agreeing to Pilot Project KPIs
Generating the Pilot Alert
Algorithm Calibration
Rollout Decision
In-Store Alerts and Forecasts
Alert Lifecycle
Alert Categorization
Business Execution Controls for Alerts
Forecasts Categorization and Delivery
How Do We Create Forecasts?
OSA Core Technology Explained
The Main Layers
The Big Data Layer
The Backend
The Frontend
Image Recognition Pipeline
OSA Machine Learning Framework
Data Science Pipeline
Blockchain and Tokenization of Our Services
Smart Contract Kit
OSA Tokenomics
Power of the Smart Consumer. B2C.
Introduction\Power of the Smart Consumer Explained
Solutions to Shoppers Concerns
Group #1 Blockchain
Group #2 Product Master Data Catalogue
Group #3 Dynamic Reputation Rating
Group #4 Personal Digital Assistant (Intelligent Interface)
Digital Environment for Personalized Shopping
Smart Shopper Economy
OSA DC Business Model
Commercial and Marketing Strategies Under Consideration
OSA DC Corporate Structure
OSA Token Sale
OSA Coin and OSA Token Explained
Token Sale Roadmap
Milestones
Proceeds Distribution
Market Expansion Plan After the Token Sale
The OSA Team and Story
Why Does it Matter?
References
List of the Figures

3
5
5
7
13
20
22
23
24
24
25
25
25
25
26
27
27
29
29
31
31
34
33
35
36
38
39
40
42
44
48
49
52
52
53
54
54
54
55
55
56
57
58
58
60
60
60
61
62
63
65
67
69
70

2

Executive Summary
OSA Decentralized (OSA DC) is the world's first decentralized AI-driven marketplace
providing real-time solutions to retailers, manufacturers and consumers.
OSA is a successful existing business established in 2015. We provide services for world
leading consumer product retail and manufacturers, including Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, JTI, Mars,
L'Oreal, Metro Cash & Carry, and many others.
After two years of development in close partnership with ECR organization that unites more
than 70 leading manufacturers and retailers, we developed proof of concept in 2016, and as of
2017 deployed OSA Hybrid Platform (OSA HP) - Big Data platform powered by AI that
manages products optimal shelf availability in retail stores in real time.
Optimal shelf availability is the biggest problem in global consumer retail, costing manufacturers
and retailers 400 billion dollars in lost sales per year. It is caused by business processes'
inefficiencies along the supply chain and in the retail stores. OSA HP integrates with the big
data systems of the participating retail chains and then combines optical recognition and
machine learning technologies to issue alerts to the in-store staff each time our algorithms
discover there might be a problem with optimal shelf availability of the products being distributed
by our clients.
As we started scaling our solution, we confronted a number of bottlenecks.
First of all, our solution implementation was resisted and at times even sabotaged by some of
the in-store staff, who appeared to benefit from proliferation of existing product tracking and
accounting solutions, by tampering with the data, with the objective of fraud and pilferage. We
also revealed instances of selling expired products, to keep the waste levels to within target
levels. Other instances included sales of counterfeit products and other “creative” attempts to
maximize profit at the cost of the shoppers' health.
Secondly, more than 30% of out-of-stocks happen outside of the retail stores and are caused by
the imbalances in the supply chain, from the manufacturer all the way to the retailer warehouse,
and cannot be solved in the retail shop.
In the supply chain we confronted two major issues - 1) complete inconsistency of product
tracking - names, measuring units and IT solutions, and 2) unwillingness to share data due to
lack of trust between supply chain members, particularly between the manufacturers of
consumer products and the retailers.
Having assessed these issues, we eventually come to the understanding that these can only be
overcome with the help of blockchain, in combination with a set of other breakthrough
technologies.
OSA DC Solution takes this a stage further - it develops a range of technologies that aim to
overcome the obstacles identified in implementation of OSA Hybrid Platform Solution - lack of
transparency across entire supply chain and “human factor”.
Firstly, synergy of AI and blockchain with smart contract functionality will secure supply chain
members' data from manipulation and unauthorized access and will make it transparent.
Secondly, creation of Product Master Data Catalogue that will contain product name, visual
appearance, 3D model and comprehensive product information across 150 product attributes. It
will allow AI to analyze clean data and provide all members of the supply chain with smart
prescriptions.
Each product will include Image Recognition (IR) model, generated by teaching AI on synthetic

3

data sets (unique technology developed by our partner Neuromation). IR functionality allows
controlling AI generated tasks' execution by shop staff, collecting necessary data in real time
and providing unique services to the consumers and supplying chain members.
These technologies, mounted on top of the existing Big Data Platform, Real Time processing
and Machine Learning will allow to completely solve product availability issue, drastically reduce
huge product write-offs and deliver tangible benefits to the supply chain members and the end
consumers.
OSA DC will make all of its reliable product data available to consumers, in an easy-to-use
format. Enriched with product and store performance ratings, this data will allow consumers to
make intelligent and conscious product and store choices and
1. save consumers money
2. save consumers time
3. stay healthy and lead a healthy lifestyle.
OSA DC will encourage consumers to generate and share valuable consumer data that will
guide manufacturers and retailers to produce better products and improve business processes
to deliver better services.
Consumers will be rewarded by OSA Coins for generated data and will have wide range of
possibilities to use OSA Coins, including purchase of consumer products.
OSA Decentralized Solution creates unique ecosystem that unites various parties which are
disconnected today - supply chain members, data providers, data scientists, IT specialists, apps
developers, computation power providers, laboratories, regulators and end consumers - in order
to develop myriads of B2B and B2C services on decentralized blockchain and smart contracts
based platform, aiming to help create better products and services to the end consumer. OSA
Coin is fuel to enable ecosystem operation, reward to the ecosystem members for adding value
and payment unit to enable billions of transactions between OSA ecosystem members.
The core element of OSA ecosystem will be OSA coin, which simultaneously is a tool for global
OSA solution scaling.
The initial token for sale is OSA Interim Token, which is an ERC20 standard token. After building
own blockchain infrastructure for OSA coin, that will ultimately meet platform's requirements of
transactions speed, cost and quantity (currently planned for the second half of 2019). All token
holders of OSA tokens will be able to freely exchange their OSA tokens into OSA coins at the
rate of 1 to 1.
OSA blockchain will serve as the basis for OSA smart contract infrastructure, which will enable
key stakeholders of our ecosystem — namely: product vendors and retail store owners — to
enter into a smart contract establishing KPIs for optimal shelf availability of a vendor's products.
Each product metric, like quantity, alignment and presentation of the product on the shelf, will be
tokenized using OSE KPI tokens sitting on top of OSA blockchain.

4

Introduction
This white paper describes the Optimal Shelf Availability Decentralized Platform, also known as
OSA DC. As a standard term in the retail industry, optimal shelf availability refers to the
immediate availability of all the relevant goods on a retailer's shelves at any moment in time
1
4
[McKinnon] , [Corsten & Gruen] . An airtight OSA is crucial to increasing sales volume and
profitability, customer satisfaction, and the overall efficiency of a retail business. The OSA DC
platform itself is a business project, developed by a team distributed between Russia, Ukraine,
the United States, and Israel. It uses data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and
optical recognition technologies to improve optimal shelf availability for retailers and like
businesses.
In this section of the white paper, we introduce OSA DC's business concept and the problems
it's looking to solve within the retail industry and supply chain markets. In addition, we outline
our customer base, existing competition, and our sources of inspiration. We'll conclude by
describing our product's developmental progress and our current achievements, finally
summarizing these details with our product roadmap for 2018/2019.

The High Cost of Empty Shelves and Damaged Packaging
The retail industry loses $400 billion in sales annually from product shortages and understocked
3
inventory [Lee] . Data collected from more than 71,000 consumers in 29 countries shows that,
when shoppers can't find at least one product they're looking for in store, they typically do one of
six things:
1. Find a substitute from the same brand.
2. Buy a similar item from a different brand.
3. Delay their purchase.
4. Don't buy the item at all.
5. Buy the item at another store.
6. Exit the store without buying anything.
Most of these alternatives are detrimental to several aspects of the supply chain's ecosystem
[Nickels]5. Depending on the product category:
џ 7% to 25% of consumers faced with out-of-stock products won't buy a similar item as a

substitute at the same store, while 21% to 43% will go to another store to buy the same
item
џ Only half of consumers make their intended purchases when their desired products are

out-of-stock, knocking off about 4% of profit for individual retailers annually
The negative consequences of stock-outs, however, are not always immediately noticeable.
Retailers and product brands either suffer them slowly or indirectly; for instance, they may feel
the effects in the 55% of shoppers who report having given a negative social media review to
6
suppliers or retailers [PwC] . The most likely outcome for consumer goods producers, though, is
losing hard-earned customer loyalty, as, for example, when a customer buys a Pepsi instead of
a Coke.
Large-scale retailers often operate on extremely narrow profit margins and suffer greatly when
they lose shoppers to their competitors. The situation is somewhat different for premium
retailers (e.g., Whole Foods, Wegmans, Publix) where out-of-stocks aren't so common because

5

they can maintain full shelves by charging higher prices. Higher prices also allow these retailers
to accept high product waste levels as they are fully covered by the extra margin.
As Harvard Business Review notes, “the root of the problem lies in the lack of transparency in
product flow between retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. Once the manufacturing
company ships its products to the main warehouse of, say, a major retail chain of 1,000+ stores,
it has no control or understanding over what happens to its products further. The only way that
the manufacturer can try and ensure higher levels of the on-shelf stocks is to push more stock
on the retailer. This does not help much in solving the out-of-stock problem, as only 70% of
cases the problem occur in store. Remaining 30% of out-stocks stem from the stocks
imbalances across the supply chain. The 'push' practice creates overstocks and contributes to
high levels of product waste — over 2% of total sales, or 100 billion dollars a year” [Corsten &
Gruen]4.
In addition to stock-outs, as much as 11% of product unit shipments have some degree of case
damage, which also affects a retailer and consumer brand's short-term financial gain and long7
term reputation [Bodenheimer] . According to Packaging Digest
(http://www.packagingdigest.com/packaging-design/damaged-packaging-potential-sourceserious-revenue-loss), “only 8 percent of respondents said they would pay a normal price for a
food product with damaged packaging, with a further 55 percent saying they would still
8
purchase it but expect to get a discount” [Lingle] .
A recent McKinsey study examines how up-and-coming technologies could help the industry
mop up these issues, thus transforming how retailers operate and compete. For example,
retailers and supply chain operations that have adopted data analytics programs have seen up
to a 19% increase in operating margins over the last five years. Using data and analytics to
improve merchandising (pricing, assortment, and placement optimization) also helps retailers to
9
improve their operating margins by 16% [McKinsey] .
OSA builds on these improvements with our own existing solutions. With these, the platform
aims to solve the major challenges retailers face across the globe due to the distrust and lack of
transparency that plagues the supply chain industry.
Consumer product manufactures and retailers drive their own agendas, and as such, they are
reluctant to share data with each other. For fear of weakening their negotiation leverage and
leaking data to competitors, they hoard relevant data for their own use only.
Along with personalized, closed-source data, each member of the supply chain uses its own
product tracking processes. To make matters worse, the same products often bear different
names within each of these tracking systems, fragementing and dirtying the data for the
purposes of analysis. Even within the same retail chain, we found almost 200 names for the
same product depending on the store, management team, and/or accounting system.
This hodge podge of system dissimilarities creates headaches for product tracking, forecasting,
and planning. It makes widespread overstocking and understocking all too common
occurrences, both of which result in significant losses in sales, dissatisfied shoppers, and
substantial product waste. Further, improper storage, transportation and handling inefficiencies,
and in-store theft (often times perpetrated by a shop's own staff), exacerbate these problems.
China gives us the most infamous example of supply chain trust gone awry. In 2008, China
suffered a widespread food safety incident wherein milk and infant formulas were contaminated
with melamine (when added to milk, melamine gives the appearance of higher protein content).
The mishap afflicted roughly 300,000 victims and hospitalized over 55,000 babies. The
company responsible for the crisis, Sanlu Group, added melamine to cut corners, but it turns out
that they were not alone. According to a government inspection, 21 other companies engaged

6

in the same practice.
This debacle raised major concerns about retail food safety and led 11 countries to cease
importing Chinese dairy products. The ensuing case led to two executions and resignations
from several officials. Following this episode and several similar cases, Chinese shoppers now
regularly spend more than $40 for tins of baby formula imported from Australia and other
neighboring countries.
From this single example, it's easy to see why consumers have low trust in product quality and
nutrition facts. Studies show that 75% of consumers don't trust product information or labels
that promote the following standards: “healthy,” “organic,” “non-GMO,” “no preservatives,”
“ethically produced,” “kosher,” “gluten-free,” etc. Since there's no reliable method to monitor or
confirm these promises, brands abuse consumer trust in pursuit of higher profits. Still,
consumers are willing to pay premium prices for products that provide additional nutritional
value, so long as they can justify that these added benefits are legitimate.
Lack of product transparency is even more egregious in online shopping, causing consumers a
not insignificant source of discontent. More and more, shoppers want detailed information about
the products they are buying, such as where materials are sourced and whether they were
ethically produced.

Who Are Our Customers and Stakeholders?
Before making the move to blockchain, OSA's existing business has proven itself by optimizing
the on shelf availability in real time of its multinational clientele. Our OSA Hybrid Platform
Solution have helped manufacturers and retailers alike to improve their bottom lines, as was
proven in the platform's pilot test program. Launched in 2016, this pilot was run in 41 large retail
stores, and resulted in 5,4% sales increase across tested product categories vs. control panel
and 150-450% ROII (Return on Inventory Investment) increase for the participating retailers.
The pilot test was designed and implemented under close supervision from 5 participating
multinational manufacturers of consumer goods: Mars, L'Oreal, DANONE, EFES and JTI.

Figure 1. OSA Stakeholders Map
Stakeholder

Role in Our Ecosystem

Vendors,
Manufacturers or
Independent
Suppliers

The first parties of interest. OSA
helps Vendors to increase their
sales, minimize in-store issues,
and manage marketing expenses.

Our Points of Added Value for
this Stakeholder
џ Enhanced product display and

verification
џ Improved retailer adherence to

agreed product display and
pricing standards
џ Reduced stock-outs to

increase sales and profits
џ Access to data in real-time
џ Improved consumer loyalty to

reduce brand swapping
џ Improved consumer loyalty,

reduced switch-out

7

Stakeholder

Role in Our Ecosystem

Our Points of Added Value for
this Stakeholder
џ Competitive advantages for

building an effective retail
presence
џ Demand planning

implementation to enhance
ingredients sourcing and
improve cash flow
Logistics
Companies

This layer simplifies the process
during which products leave the
supplier's warehouse en route to
retail stores. By its nature, this
process is vulnerable and, as
such, requires increased attention
from all involved parties and will
be optimized using OSA DC's
flawless data flows.

џ Improved delivery times
џ Higher transparency for

product transportation and
handling conditions
џ Better inventory and

warehouse planning
џ Closer integration with a

vendor's delivery and retail
monitoring systems
џ Point of differentiation among

other providers.
Retailers

As the backbone of our
ecosystem, retailers are the
meeting point for products and
their customers. Their shelves
provide goods for the end
consumers, and they own the instore customer experience on
which our entire ecosystem
depends.

џ Less out-of-stock inventory,

more sales
џ Increased shopper loyalty, less

shopper switch-out, and
increased customer volume
џ Cost optimization
џ ROI Return o Investment)

improvement
џ A trustful shopping

environment built on reliable
data sharing and transparent
product information
џ Competitive advantages over

other retail chains by providing
vendors with state-of-the-art
monitoring solutions.
End Customers

The consumer is our end-goal,
our most valued customer,
beneficiary, and stakeholder.
While our business is built on
selling more to end customers, it

џ Consumers won't have to pay

for all the inefficiencies and outof-the-stock losses of vendors
and retailers, making shopping
much less costly

8

Stakeholder

Role in Our Ecosystem
also improves their quality of life
by providing reliable product
information and making
responsible choices easier.

Our Points of Added Value for
this Stakeholder
џ Less time spent in-store

looking for the right products to
buy
џ More quality inventory and

greater product variety
improves customer health and
makes the in-store experience
much more pleasant.
Technology
Partners

OSA’s platform is a complicated,
multilayer technological protocol.
The platform is built to integrate a
multitude of 3rd party solutions
that benefit our stakeholders.

џ At $28,3 trillion in 2018 FC, the

retail market could be a highly
lucrative venture for 3rd party
10
tech companies [Statista] .
џ Partnering with OSA leagues

you with outstanding product
development and business
teams that have gained visible
market traction
џ Access to a big data

infrastructure and clean data
џ OSA DC serves as the ultimate

link between businesses and
data science.
Data Providers

All members of the supply chain
are key data providers. Apart from
them, OSA relies on a variety of
3rd party data to generate
accurate forecasts and alerts.
When using B2C services on the
decentralized platform,
consumers generate a wealth of
unique data related to shopping
patterns, product predilections,
pricing influence on purchasing
decisions, etc. With consumer
consent, this data is used to
enrich machine learning
algorithms and improve B2B
services. OSA DC enables a fair
share approach and rewards
consumers for sharing data. Such
data is invaluable for enhancing
business solutions to develop
better products and services for
end customers.

џ Practical machine learning

solutions analyze consumer
provided data
џ Dedicated team of data

scientists
џ We reward consumers with

OSA coins if their data is used
by OSA DC Platform or our
clients for their business
solutions
џ We incentivize consumers to

provide data for certain
activities (product purchase,
feedback provision, etc)
џ Consumers can use OSA coins

to receive additional B2C
services through the OSA DC
platform, become eligible for
special offers, or purchase
products.

9

Role in Our Ecosystem

Stakeholder
Industry
Associations

As an innovative technological
solution, OSA cooperates with
various industry clusters and
offers help in creating added
business value to their members

Our Points of Added Value for
this Stakeholder
џ OSA is a reliable and

disciplined leader in the
emerging AI industry with a
proven track record
џ Unique value propositions and

discount programs for
members of Industry
Associations
Infrastructure
Providers

As a decentralized, AI-driven big
data platform, OSA requires mass
amounts of computing power to
enable neural networks, machine
learning, blockchain records, and
data storage. Thus, we will
engage with infrastructure
providers including mining
organizations to pool spare
computation power at a higher
margin than mining currencies
themselves.

џ Fair share approach for using

mining power for the
decentralized platform's needs
(e.g., data mining)
џ Access to the trillion dollar AI

and data mining market

Vendors, Manufacturers and Suppliers
Failure of goods to be constantly available on retail shelves and in perfect packaging creates a
risk of the consumer forgoing the purchase or switching to a competitor which hands suppliers'
competitors a free ride, compared to the average $22 cost of acquiring a customer
[Kummerer]11.
Product brand suppliers, such as Danone, SunInBev and L'Oreal are already using OSA Hybrid
Platform Solution to ensure quality presentation of their goods when reaching consumers, when
and where the consumers need it.
OSA DC cooperates with the following world leading FMCG vendors:

Logistics Companies
Logistics companies are the link between suppliers and retailers, and consumer goods of all
kinds must be stored, transported and handled in product-specific ways. More and more,
transportation trucks and similar vehicles are outfitted with GPS and other communication
technologies which allow businesses to track the progress of their shipments in the supply chain
and take action if any disruptions should occur. To give an idea of this technology in practice,
store owners are increasingly installing temperature and bio-sensors that register
heating/cooling signatures so that they can keep tabs on handling conditions in real-time.

10

Retailers
Retailers traditionally operate on extremely narrow margins, and they face stiff competition with
other retail chains and online retail. In recent years, retailers have reported declining customer
traffic and increasing business costs. To combat these problems, they often cut costs and/or
12
downsize staff, but this may only aggravate these problems [The Future of Grocery] .
The situation is somewhat different for premium retailers, as stock-outs are rare and full shelves
are maintained by charging higher prices. This, in turn, allows retailers to accept high product
waste levels as they are fully covered by the extra profit they generate.
Offline retailers (which represent 91% of the total retail volume in 2018) and online retailers (9%
13
of the total retail volume) [Saleh] will greatly benefit from OSA products. OSA has delivered
5.4% volume growth for its retail customers. It has achieved this profit increase with AIdriven staff management and real-time analysis of understocked and overstocked
products. In total, this incremental sales growth ensures, at minimum, 150% ROI on
money invested in OSA's services.
And this is just the beginning. Upcoming OSA solutions will continue to galvanize retailer
strategies, driving sales and optimizing costs while making the shopping experience more
enjoyable for customers, as well. For your business, OSA can help you to: effectively manage
floor staff, streamline inventory and delivery processes, reduce product waste, efficiently
manage shelf space to maximize sales, properly plan promotional campaigns, utilize optimum
pricing models, and gauge consumer product preferences. We provide services to 7 retail
chains, 5 of which belong to biggest 250 retail chains. Many more are in various negotiation
stages.

Consumers
The biggest beneficiaries of OSA DC Solution are the end customers. Under current models, as
detailed in the “High Cost of Empty Shelves and Damaged Packaging” section above,
consumers suffer from supply chain failures and can punish suppliers and retailers accordingly
by taking their business elsewhere. What's more, consumers end up paying more for their
desired products when retailers have to mark-up prices to account for supply chain inefficiencies
and product mismanagement. Thus, OSA's solutions can lower prices for customers as retailers
and suppliers revolutionize product management and business strategies in highly competitive
environment.
Additionally, consumers will have the ability to search for available products listed on the
platform based on their individual requirements, whether these come from diet, budget, or
otherwise. Every product category has a wide range of product attributes, features, and
specifications (e.g., organic, biodynamic, gluten-free, kosher, salt or sugar free, safe for
children, safe for pregnant mothers, no artificial flavorings or specific allergic components,
manufactured without child labour, fair-trade, eco-friendly) you name it, and OSA DC can help
you find it across the myriad providers and retailers on its platform.
You can even filter and identify these products with your smartphone. By simply taking a photo
of shelved goods, OSA's augmented reality function, for example, can superimpose color
schemes over products to highlight in green which products are suitable for pregnancy. This
customer data creates the basis for alerts and forecasts for other customers, a practice which is

11

compliant with international data privacy laws.
Comprehensive consumer benefits and functionality is described in chapter “Power of The
Smart Consumer. B2C” below in this document.

Technology Partners
OSA utilizes cutting edge technologies from companies such as Neuromation, which provides
neural networks for various applications including Image Recognition (IR). This helps OSA in
two ways:
1.We reduce our dependence on internet connection, as IR modeling is device-specific
2.We create a unique pipeline to develop IR models using synthetic data, and thus, we
eliminate the need to take individual photographs in stores and label them manually
Our other technology partners include:
џ Hacken: our cyber security partner. Hacken helps us to secure all OSA's sensitive data,

as well as provide the platform with HackenProof service for smart contracts.
џ Ambrosus: has one of the strongest blockchain teams and a similar application focus.

We have reached alignment to join our forces to develop blockchain solution, as well as
test and implement temperature, bio, and other product sensors.
џ Paytomat: our partner that allows consumers to spend OSA coins in stores, hotels, and

restaurants. In addition, Paytomat is our CRM partner together with LoyMax.

Data Providers
Some key determinants of supply chain and product demand disruptors include weather,
deviant prices, promotions, popular events nearby, etc. For instance, summer months come
with a spike in water and beer consumption, and product promotions can influence consumers
to buy product X over product Y. OSA Hybrid Platform (OSA HP) already pools consumer data
from around 100 open data sources to forecast these purchasing factors. OSA DC will similarly
get the data from multiple open sources or from partners, depending on the individual objective
(be they a retailer, a manufacturer, or a research firm). In this vein, we invite data providers to
become an OSA DC partner and monetize their data in a decentralized, fair manner.
Similarly, consumers will become one of OSA DC's most valuable data providers, and they'll
have access to the same rights as any other data providers on the platform. If they consent to
provide the data, consumers will be rewarded for their contributions in OSA coins, which can be
used to purchase extra B2C services, subscribe to special offers, and receive incentives from
manufacturers or retailers. As the platform grows, it will be possible to use these coins to
purchase products from participating retailers, online and offline alike.

Industry Associations
OSA works with associations representing suppliers and retailers to create shared standards for
data sharing to boost supply chain efficiency. With one of our partners, ECR, a joint industry
initiative that unites the world's major manufacturers and retailers across 40 countries, we're

12

working to make Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) retail more responsive to consumer
needs and create a more cost-effective supply chain.
ECR has been working on the issue of on-shelf availability since 2005. In 2015, they elected
OSA HP as their primary solution developer because of our team's unique set of expertise, our
big data platform, and our transparent IT code and machine learning models.
In close cooperation with ECR, it took us 2.5 years to develop the OSA Hybrid Platform. We
received enormous support and expertise from the ECR organization's members, who represent
more than 70 leading consumer goods manufacturers and retail chains. Overall, OSA Hybrid
Platform Solution was developed by over 110 experts from six countries, including those from
the ECR community who contributed at different stages of its development.

Figure 2. OSA Hybrid Platform Experts Panel from the ECR Community

Alexander Tsygichka
Danone

Sergey Perchenok
Efes

Viktor Zhilyaev
L’Oreal

Alexey Nikiforov
SunInBev

Alexey Okhlopkov
Mars

Existing Retail Technology Projects That Serve as a Sources of
Inspiration and How We Differ

Complete toolbox for onshelfavailability problem solving

Figure 3. Categorization of bn/Existing Retail Data Analysis Technology
Ecosystems

OSA

ERP like SAP

BPM Tool like Terrasoft
Forecasting systems like JDA

One tool for an
individual task

Analytics agency like Nielsen

Image recognition like Trax
BI kit like Power BI

Universal tool

Focus on product availability on the self (real-time)

13

Figure 4. Inspiring Projects in Retail Data Analysis Technology
Solution type and
Example

Why Does This Solution
Stand Out?

Custom, in-house
solutions for large
brick-and- mortar
retailers

Retailers who can develop
their own optimum shelf
availability monitoring
solutions with their existing
IT infrastructure can
certainly benefit from
OSA's solution for their
data systems. Obviously,
by “optimum shelf
availability” we do not
mean merely installing a
sensor to prompt a
notification when the shelf
becomes physically empty.

How is OSA Solution Different?
We use a shared costs business model
to lower the financial threshold for
implementing an empty shelf control
solution for all retailers, not just the big
players. The more clients we onboard,
the more affordable the service
becomes.
We absorb all the costs and risks of
implementing and running the service.
Meanwhile, our clients benefit from
partnering with a team with cross-market
expertise. This enables us to collect
more insights and provide sharper, more
finely-tuned algorithms. In our current
business model, the OSA solution is free
for retail chains to install, with installation
costs being covered by vendors
interested in getting better in-store sales
volumes.
On top of that, OSA's solution contains a
much wider range of valuable data vs.
typical retailer data set.

Stand alone image
recognition
services for
retailers like Trax
(traxretail.com)

Trax provides in-store
product execution
monitoring that helps
retailers “win at the shelf”
with a comprehensive,
real-time view of their
store's performance across
other retail channels.
Trax collects real life shelf
pictures via sales reps,
and these pictures are sent
to the Trax cloud to be
analysed. The sales rep
then receives mobile
reports and management
teams get detailed
assessments online.

In-store execution precludes other
important facets of the supply chain.
More than mere in-store services, OSA
enables customers to understand and
analyze issues before that product hits
the shelves. Besides image recognition,
our supply chain monitoring tool set
includes machine learning, statistical
algorithms, and neural networks.
Speaking of image recognition, our
synthetic data learning algorithms
substantially lower capital and operating
expenditures to develop specific IR
model, as well as allow us to cover
almost all of store assortment and
inventory (this is crucial to improve instore processes).
Also, OSA-Neuromation IR model is
implemented into individual devices, so
users can access and execute these

14

Solution type and
Example

Why Does This Solution
Stand Out?

How is OSA Solution Different?
services WITHOUT dependence on
internet connection. This is very
important feature to scale IR services
globally.
By seamlessly integrating IR with our
own product master data catalog we
improved the ways in which recognized
data can be used. For example, end
customers can set their dietary
limitations and get real time purchase
recommendations based on the shelf
photo. Services like Trax can be
integrated into OSA DC as the
technology provider for image
recognition.

Forecasting
systems like JDA
(www.jda.com)

Typically, enterprise
forecasting systems are
focused on distribution
centers to warehouses to
retail store chain. The
purpose of the forecast is
to avoid overstocking and
ensure appropriate
restocking, the forecasting
period can vary from one
day to several weeks.

OSA is not limited to providing stock
replenishment forecasts. Our in-store
alerts help customers to better
understand their current situation,
whether in real-time or within the fastest
data collection interval a client’s IT
infrastructure can provide. OSA’s instore analysis helps to proactively solve
any issues and detect their root causes
(e.g., price tag missing, product
packaging damaged, expiration date
issue).
We also provide product execution
control instruments to make sure that
alerts not only arrive to clients, but that
the problems receive due and timely
attention from the store’s employees.

Market research
agencies like
Nielsen
(www.nielsen.com)

Currently, product/shelf
availability data via market
research agencies arrives
within 24 hours of a
surfaced issue. In addition
to this data, market
research agencies can
provide explanations for
how the problem occured
based on prior research.
Their recommendations
are usually standardized.

Our service can provide product/shelf
availability data within maximum an hour
of a problem occurring, and we
administer proactive alerts for these
issues at the latter stages of service
development. This feature allows us to
be more involved in the business
execution process to better serve both
customers and store owners.
The speed of our problem tracking also
enables more nuanced and insightful
forecasting. Our data science algorithms

15

Solution type and
Example

Why Does This Solution
Stand Out?

How is OSA Solution Different?
process client information that is
relevant to an incident, and they provide
action recommendations based on the
real-time data landscape and a client’s
business record.
Further, image recognition and other
instruments allow us to cover all
products range sold in large retail stores,
including slow-moving products.

Business
intelligence kits like
Tableau
(www.tableau.com)

Tableau helps
organizations unleash the
power of their most
valuable assets: data and
people. The system can be
integrated with multiple
data sources, either with
internal hardware or the
cloud. Customers can
choose from thousands of
templates with beautiful
visualizations.

OSA DC enables integration with various
enterprise level BI solutions via its
External ETL API. If customers are not
ready to pay more for an additional BI
solution, we offer our built-in BI tool
sufficient enough for most daily tasks in
modern retail.
OSA does not only offer a data
visualization solution but also a multilayer AI system. With this, we aim to
assist the client in improving product
availability and placement while
minimizing downtime.

Figure 5. Startups in Retail Technology that Inspire Us
Project
Blue Yonder
(www.blueyonder.com)

Why Does This Solution Stand
Out?

How is OSA Solution
Different?

Blue Yonder develops an engine
that calculates probability
forecasts for end-to-end business
processes with data from
numerous item, store, or channel
combinations. This solution comes
complete with stock replenishment
and stock inventory optimization
algorithms based on a retailer’s
inventory management policies.
Blue Yonder also advocates for a
shift from a weekly planning cycle
to a daily planning cycle for retail
businesses.

OSA is not limited to one vendor
— retailer pair. Our technology
integrates the retailer with all
vendors it operates and vice
versa.
We integrate our solutions within
our client’s enterprise structure.
Thus, when we discover a shelf
availability issue, we address the
issue with the proper employees
within the business.

16

Why Does This Solution Stand
Out?

How is OSA Solution
Different?

RI Team (www.riteam.com)

The RI Team provides a cloud
platform to predict and mitigate
stock-outs for retailers and brands.
The RI Retailer product suite
makes sure that customers have
access to the products they want,
maximising sales potential and
minimising retail cost. The
project's website claims that
“making immediate interventions
to recoup sales, [the] RI Item
Availability and Saleability product
consistently delivers more than
0.5% increase in sales”.

In addition to out-of-stock alerts,
we also monitor numerous other,
more nuanced parameters, such
as shelf placement, damaged
packaging, and product shelving
mix-ups. We also monitor the
supply chain in its entirety, so if a
problem occurs at the delivery
stage from the factory or
distribution center to the store,
OSA will notify the clients of the
issue. Moreover, in addition to
issuing an alert, we also provide
exact steps needed to correct
issue and executional control.

AIPoly
(www.aipoly.com)

This product is developed by the
AirPolyVision team and is based
on its previous product: an object
and color recogniser helping the
blind, visually impaired, and color
blind to understand their
surroundings.

OSA does not stop with
consumer behavior prediction
algorithms within the store; we
also unite various data sources
to provide a complete picture of
product availability, from factory
unit to store shelf.

AIPoly enables retail owners and
suppliers to analyze the
movement of both products and
customers in the real-time, while
also providing instant notifications
for stock-outs and sales. Founders
claim that AirPolyVision's AI “can
track items on shelves at intervals
of a few milliseconds, making
suggestions for ideal layouts,
allowing fast A/B testing,
producing heat maps, and a lot
more.”

More than offering more holistic
prediction and analysis, OSA
also provides alert execution
controls, so that analysis
transforms itself into action and
clients can solve problems as
they arise.

Project

Nextorbit
Nextorbit is a cloud platform that
(www.nextorbit.com) predicts and addresses out-ofstocks for retailers and brands.
Nextorbit's website does not
provide any updatred information
on its current product status and
business traction. Based on
previous claims published on
Nexorbit's website, this appears to
be another single vendor - retailer
pair solution.

OSA has a proven track record in
five retail chains in Eastern
Europe, and we've gone to work
with major international FMCG
brands. Also, OSA provides
better prediction and analysis,
augmented by execution control
instruments.

17

Project
Ambrosus
(www.ambrosus.
com)

Why Does This Solution Stand
Out?

How is OSA Solution
Different?

Ambrosus provides sensors for
tracking supply chain products in
various industries and develops
blockchain solution to streamline
the supply chain. Combining hightech sensors, blockchain
technology, and smart contracts,
the Ambrosus team is building a
universally verifiable, communitydriven ecosystem to assure the
quality and safety of consumer
goods.

Supply chain traceability and
product handling are important
factors that contribute to product
on-shelf availability. So far, most
of the sensor-based projects in
retail struggled because of the
high inventory costs of this
technology and ability to hack
the sensors. We work closely
with Ambrosus to integrate
sensors into our platform and to
develop blockchain solution for
the supply chain.

A combination of robust sensors,
biosensors, and food tracers
assess and monitor the product's
physical attributes and its
surroundings down to the
individual unit. All of this is
accomplished in real-time with
unique product IDs, smart tagging,
and anti-tampering mechanisms.
INS

Lokad
(www.lokad.com)

The big idea of this project is to
remove retailers out of the endcustomer supply chain by
providing vendors with direct
marketing, communication, and
delivery tools for reaching
consumers. Currently, the project
is centered around grocery
vendors.

The vendor to consumer
business model is an interesting
and novel concept. However, the
multi-billion dollar retail industry
still exists and it is ready to pay
for real life solutions to its
problems. OSA already solves a
number of the problems
Instamart is attempting to
neutralize, including product
availability and supply chain
monitoring.

Lokad looks to optimize all finegrained supply chain decisions:
when to buy, how much to buy,
what to stock, and when to
recount and provide an end-to-end
report on your entire supply chain.
Lokad typically crunches numbers
with three different datasets: (1)
list of products (2) sales history
and (3) purchase order history.
Lokad offers data connectors for

Most of the reasons for
unavailability of stock on the
shelf are located within the last
element of the supply chain.
These problems are related to
the correct placement of the
goods on the store's shelf.
Traditional supply chain
management tools do not offer
solutions to analyze and manage
this stage.

18

Project

Why Does This Solution Stand
Out?
many popular apps, and if your
app is supported by Lokad, you
can import all the relevant data
into your Lokad account in just a
few clicks.

How is OSA Solution
Different?
OSA combines supply chain
analysis with data engineering
and data science, optical
recognition, and AI to provide
multistage analysis of stock
availability.

19

Comparison with Direct Competitors That
Use Blockchain Technology
Not all startups in retail are the same. If you have questions such as: "Are these startups not
similar?" or "with whom are you competing?", we offer you 5 criteria to help you find the
answers.

Positioning
It makes sense to compare only the startups that have (partially or completely) the same
problem. In our case the problem is unavailability of the product on the shelf. The retail industry
loses $400 billion in sales annually from product shortages and understocked Inventory.
All startups related to solving the inaccessibility problem can be positioned in three steps:
Step 1: Startup offers a separate feature or a complex solution.
Example of features can include controlling the ingredients in the product. Alone, this service
does not solve the problem entirely. However, it can be used not only for solving the problem of
unavailability of goods, but also for other projects.
Step 2: Projects that offer a complete solution are divided into two groups: those who propose
to build a new retail infrastructure (e.g., robotic personal complexes) and those who offer to
optimize processes in existing retail infrastructure.
It is necessary to note that the existing retail infrastructure has only about 800,000 stores in
organized networks, and examples of new infrastructure are so far rare.
Step 3: Projects that offer a comprehensive solution for the existing retail infrastructure can be
divided into two groups: those who offer integrated software as a substitute for the existing one,
and those who offer an addition to existing software.
At this step, you need to remember that there are not many ready-to-automate networks that
have not yet implemented the core software. This means that projects offering automation from
scratch would probably have to stop using the old software. Such processes require significant
time and organizational resources within each transaction.

Functionality
We compare only the functions needed to solve the problem of inaccessibility. It is possible that
some projects have additional functions not used in the process of solving the problem of
unavailability of stock. These functions are simply not included in the comparison table.

Blockchain
Blockchain's technological capabilities are quite diverse these days. That is why it is not
sufficient to say that the solution will be to use Blockchain. If you want to compare the solutions
yourself, you need to clarify why and how Blockchain is used in the project.

Integration
Is the product a platform that can implement a single data space for all integrated solutions, or
is the product conditionally autonomous.

History
Are there public cases of implementation in real retail, or are there no such cases.

20

OSA DC

Aipoly.com

Lokad

Splice Machine

Retail robotics &
Blockchain

INS

Mojix

Origintrail.io

IBM Blockchain
for food safety

Ambrosus

Radiostud.io

Provenance.org

Comparison criteria / Products

Offering a separate feature

Positioning

Step 1:

Offering a comprehensive solution to the
problem
Offering a solution for new retail infrastructure

Step 2:

Offering a solution for existing retail
infrastructure
Offering complete automation from scratch

Step 3:

Offering an addition to the existing IT
infrastructure
Master data
Planning/supply chain management
Controlling ingredients
Controlling conditions of transportation and
storage
Monitoring the performance of supply chain

Function

Data-driven search problems in the supply
chain (on shelf)
IoT-driven search of problems in the supply
chain (on shelf)
Informing the Executive of the issue
Controlling the Executive's method of
response to the problem
Supply chain optimization
Marketplace of external developers' services
Raw data hashing
Hashing of sensory data

Blockchain
KPI hashing
Smart Contract
Can be integrated into the OSA DC platform

Integration
History

Can be integrated into the Aipoly.com
platform
History of implementations (public cases)

21

Our Current Traction and Achievements
Within only two months of launching the OSA Hybrid Platform, we signed $2.5 million worth of
service agreements. The OSA Hybrid Platform is currently integrated with almost 2,500 shops
and is on track to expand to 28,000 retail stores in Russia alone by the end of 2019, and we
have also started collaborating with 7 of the 15 largest retailers in Russia.
Eleven consumer goods manufacturers already use the OSA Hybrid Platform, and their
combined market share of the retail industry is roughly 30%. These clients aside, there are 26
more in the contract finalization stage. Leading consumer goods manufacturers and retailers
such as Coca-Cola, PesiCo, Mars, DANONE, SunInBev, L'Oreal, JTI, METRO, Efes, Magnit
and many others have started using OSA HP. We are finalizing negotiations with Nestle,
PepsiCo, Unilever, Diageo, Mondelez, P&G, and others.
As well as manufacturers, retailers, and retail think tanks, OSA also cooperates with the
following groups: distributors, logistics providers, data providers, weather forecasters, research
agencies, computing power providers, data centers and/or mining farms (e.g. Giga Watt), data
scientists, and IoT and AI developers.

22

Product Roadmap
Figure 6. Product Development Roadmap (IT, R&D)

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

April
June
July
October
November
February
March
June
July
August
November
December
March
April
July
September
October
November
December

џ Team formation
џ Product сoncept developed
џ Product concept test (MVP)
џ Beta version introduced
џ Data integration and test started
џ New machine learning protocol tested
џ Product updated, OSA technical architecture introduced
џ Internal proof of сoncept (POC) approved
џ Machine learning models updated
џ External POC tested
џ POC finished: 5.4% sales growth for our partner companies
џ Image recognition POC introduced
џ Image recognition POC tested
џ Machine learning models upgraded
џ New UI/UX solution introduced
џ New big data architecture development begins
џ Integration with transaction data operators
џ Master data catalogue tested
џ Image recognition model developed for 300 products (in partnership with Neuromation)

January џ New big data architecture introduced
џ Master data catalogue tests
February џ Machine learning model enhancement
May џ Blockchain & smart contracts development (stage 1)
џ Blockchain testing
June џ Image Recognition model development for the next 1000 products
џ Master data catalogue development
August џ OSA DC choose EOS blockchain for further development after its successful launch
џ Image recognition engine training on Asian products models (showcase assortment)
џ Image recognition engine: train 400 products models (mini-market assortment)
September џ OSA B2B solution enhancement
October џ Start of B2C solution development
џ Digital assistant ver.01
November џ Finalize Advanced Blockchain technologies tests
December џ Decentralized platform development (Stage 1)
џ B2B Blockchain solution enhancement (Stage 2)
џ Enhancement ML solutions development for supply chain (Stage 2 start)
џ Image recognition model development and functionality enhancement (Stage 3 start)
џ Machine learning model enhancement
џ Product rating system development (Start)
џ AR functionality development (Stage 1 start)
џ Blockchain development (Stage 3: decentralization)
March џ B2B solution enhancement
April џ B2C solution (POC start)
џ Decentralized platform prototype test
џ B2B functionality enlargement
June џ B2B solution upgrade following USA and Asian POC
џ Image recognition engine upgrade and deployment in focus markets
July џ Product catalogue pipeline deployment
August џ Decentralized platform POC tests
October џ Decentralized platform deployment
џ B2C solution deployment (ver.02)
џ AI Recommendation engine deployment
December џ B2B solution enhancement and functionality enlargement (ML, AR, IR, IoT)

23

TECHNICAL ASPECTS - B2B
New Client Onboarding
Since 2017, the OSA Hybrid Platform has on boarded 12 clients and 26,000 retail stores into
our system. By any measurement, these are impressive statistics even for an established retail
technology business. To enable this growth, we invested our efforts and technology into
creating a streamlined client on boarding process.
When working with a new client, we start by brokering a business agreement between the
decision makers on the client's side and the OSA business development team. This business
agreement is usually formalized as a conventional paper contract or via EDI through either
party's legal teams.
Our communications team then joins the process to promote the new deal to the general public,
if the client permits this publicity, that is.
We organized the next steps of the on boarding process into the flowchart below, and we
explain each major milestone in this process in the following subsections.

Figure 7. The New Client Onboarding Process

Assessing the
Client Data
Infrastructure

Setting Up and
Agreeing Pilot
Project KPIs

IT Integration

Generating the
Pilot Alert

Data Cleansing

Calibration of
Algorithms

Data Enrichment

Rollout Decision

24

Assessing the Client's Data Infrastructure
After brokering the business agreement, our technology on boarding team joins the process to
conduct an assessment of the client's data infrastructure and sources.
We agree on the data list for the upcoming integration and the methods and terms of the data
transfer. However, the integration setup requirements cannot be less than our recommended
minimum. This is to ensure that the client gets the most out of the platform, as the larger the
data set they provide, the more features the platform will be able to offer. A typical data set for
new client on boarding includes:
1. Catalog of selling positions
2. Catalog of categories
3. Catalog of stores
4. Historical sales data for the last two years
5. Periodically updated current sales data (refreshed every 10 minutes to on hourly basis)
The client should also provide data on their products' supply chain, however much they can
produce. As with before, if the client can offer more detailed data for each element of the supply
chain process, then the platform can provide more detailed analysis to pinpoint inefficiencies,
inventory issues, etc.
We prefer to receive all data through our Protected Partner Data API. However, sometimes we
make temporary exceptions for the sake of speeding up the implementation process. In this
case, our client's employees usually upload the data manually into our Big Data layer.

Setting Up and Agreeing to the Pilot Project KPIs
After the client's technical team and we agree on data sources, routes and access credentials, it
is time for the pilot test. The ultimate purpose of the pilot is demonstration of our system and its
key features to the decision makers on the client's side and enabling organizational knowledge
formation by the client's execution team. Before they fully launch our platform, we want to make
sure that they familiarize themselves with the platform's management and business execution
tools.
The client can get a system for monitoring on-shelf availability or he may also want to evaluate
the pilot's ROI. In this case we add to the KPIs the instruments for assessing business
effectiveness. Our usual method for assessing ROI is comparing the pilot and the reference
group of retail stores.

Generating the Pilot Alert
After our technological team and the client's own agree on data sources, routes, and access
credentials, the pilot can finally come underway.
At this stage, we establish the data exchange infrastructure with the client's team, as well as
build the AI's necessary analytic framework. Our machine learning algorithms will begin by
processing their first learning cycle, and they'll also start to generate pilot alerts to establish the
environment and parameters that trigger these alerts.

Algorithm Calibration
After we established all the necessary infrastructure and the first pilot alerts have been
generated, we start calibrating our algorithms. For calibration to be successful, an in-field

25

research team will constantly verify the quality of the alerts generated by our system. This team
could consists of our personnel alongside our client's employees and, at times, even
independent contractors. Only members who have undergone calibration training may be a part
of this in-field research team.
Each member of the research team is tasked to receive an alert in real time in one of the pilot
stores, evaluate its relevance and accuracy, give feedback to the system if there is a mistake
and, if there is one, discover the factors which might have caused the mistake.
When necessary, the calibration process can include several cycles. With each new cycle, we
improve the next iteration of the alerts system using feedback from the pilot's in-field team. The
calibration process ends when alert accuracy meets or exceeds the KPIs agreed to by the pilot
team.
OSA provides our clients with instant learning opportunities through our artificial intelligence
framework and the enormous analytic capacity of the platform's neural networks. Our pilot
program along with the calibration stage, typically lasts for one to three months.

Rollout Decision
After the pilot is complete, we assess its output using the KPIs and criteria agreed upon with the
client before implementation. If the assessment is positive, we integrate the service into the
client's entire retail chain. Depending on budget, time constraints, and other factors, the
integration might be absolute or split into various stages. During the integration, OSA's team:
џ adds additional data sources and IT resources to the existing data and IT infrastructure
џ forms machine learning models for the rest of the chain’s stores
џ performs additional calibration on demand
џ trains permanent administrative personnel and in-field teams
џ generates an Execution Specialists' Map, which is then used by the Task Management Kit

and BPM Kit to push aler
The calibration is a continuous process and lasts throughout OSA's entire deployment. Yet, after
the initial rollout, the calibration is predominantly managed by AI. Normally, the rollout stage
takes 2 to 3 months depending on the numerous factors described above.

26

In-Store Alerts and Forecasts
OSA's alerts and forecasts are basic units of added business value in the OSA ecosystem. An
alert covers a situation that already occurred in near real time, such as juice boxes being
shelved in the soup aisle instead of the juice aisle. While in-store sales management systems
indicate that the juice box is on the shelf, the customer does not see it on the usual shelf. The
vendor loses sales, the store loses customer loyalty - no one is happy about the juice situation.
Alerts generation can be enhanced by optical recognition streams and sensors, the retailer's
own in-store data infrastructure, or a customer's Smartphone. All of these can work together to
spot in-store irregularities and provide immediate and relevant notifications to the store's
employees.
While an alert helps customers to make purchasing decisions based on the past and present, a
forecast helps them to plan for purchases in the future. Our Data Science Module constantly
monitors the client data that passes through our ecosystem. When its algorithms identify a
possible irregularity, the Post Processing Service on our backend starts calculating the chances
for this irregularity to arise again in the future. This process is like a chess game, but instead of
moving the pieces, we advise retailers on the best move to win the game of efficiency.

Alert Lifecycle
We can generate alerts for any element of the supply chain at any given moment in time. An
alert is generated by an algorithm within our Data Science Service and sent to the KPI Service,
which, in turn pushes it as a notification to the end user via our platform's backend.
Our backend supports all customer accounts on end user devices. The alerts regularity and
frequency depend on the user's settings preferences, which we store in the system's notification
service. The regularity of alerts also depends on the speed pf data arrival from retail store's
databases. The Task Management Kit within our backend organizes alerts like tasks lists, which
we then transfer into the BPM Kit as business processes.
Currently, we only deliver alerts to the web interface. However, after OSA's token sale, we plan
to launch a mobile application for iOS and Android. This business-focused app should not be
confused with the mass market OSA mobile application, which enables consumers to choose
products based on reliable information about product features and attributes, including dietary
information as well as relating to safety and authenticity of various products. The mass market
mobile application will be covered in a separate section of this document.
We do not create a universal algorithm for generating alerts. Instead, we create a set of
algorithms to individually analyze each element of the supply chain and generate alerts if issues
arise at any step of the process. Each algorithm corresponds with its own scenario and is used
to solve specific problems. These algorithms will:
1. Analyze data for each element of the supply chain
2. Use our machine learning framework (MLF) to discover data anomalies
3. Formulate hypotheses on the problem’s possible causes
4. Pinpoint the most plausible hypothesis
5. Generate an alert based on the most plausible hypothesis
6. Verify the alert within the store itself
7. Perform MLF followup based on feedback from the real store to:

27

a. Correct the machine learning algorithm in case the hypothesis failed
b. Record a successful hypothesis, when applicable, and examine the possible
explanations for this success
8. Perform business execution control functions for an alert with the BPM Module

Figure 8. In-Store Alert Lifecycle

Supplier

In-store
Warehouse

Logistics Center

Store Shelf

Partners data

Collecting The
Raw Data

3rd party data
providers

Sales Data

Data Science
Module

Weather
Data

Pricing
Data

Alert

Events

Promo
Data

Alert Validation

Holidays

EDI

Problem Solving

Geo Data

plus 30
sourсes

Execution Report

plus 70
sourсes

28

Alerts Categorization
Figure 9. Example of In-Store Alerts
Alerts for In-Store Personnel
џ There are no goods on the shelf
џ The shelf stock for this product is critically

low
џ This product is out of stock in this store
џ The warehouse stock for this product is

negative/critically low/below the purchase
level
џ This product inventory in store is

erroneous
џ An insufficient product shipment arrived to

store
џ The supply for this product arrived late or

prematurely

Alerts for Logistics Department
џ The product is absent from the distribution

center warehouse
џ The product stock is negative/critically

low/ below the vendor order level in the
distribution center
џ The distribution center has an erroneous

record of the product's inventory
џ An insufficient amount of the product

arrived at the distribution center.
џ The supply for this product arrived to the

distribution center late or prematurely
џ The distribution center's stock order for

this product is insufficient

џ The in-store stock order for this product is

insufficient

Business Execution Controls for Alerts
Each alert is targeted and addressed to the relevant employee according to the Execution
Specialist Map. For each alert type, we create a status tree, which records the the relevant
supply chain paty's or store's response to this alert. The status tree may include the following
options:
џ Default (predefined) preferences
џ Text inputs
џ Numbers inputs
џ Photo capture/upload

Status Trees
A status tree may have a hierarchical structure that includes up to five levels. A few example of
a status tree’s functionality and process at work:
џ The product is on the shelf → take a photo. The employee responsible for acting on this

alert will then have to select one the following responses:
! all product placement requirements are met (OSA generated an alert by mistake)
! there is no price tag

29

! the product perished
! the “best by” date expired
! the shelf is dirty
! other (in this case, the employee will have to explain this reason in a separate text

field)
џ There is no product on the shelf

→ take a photo. The employee will then have to select

the following responses:
! The product is not available in the warehouse
! The product is displayed incompletely (the employee can take a photo and input the

quantity of displayed goods or select lacking components).
A BPM Kit on the backend manages the response workflow. The BPM Logic Module stores the
created status trees and executes the actions chosen by the employee. The BI Kit then allows
these employees to monitor the business process performance by generating execution reports.

Execution Control Steps
OSA’s alert system is designed as a complete end-to-end solution for the entire problemresponse process. This way, we exclude the risk of human error and make sure that the task is
completed without any issues.
An alert first arrives into the task list of the employee responsible for executing an action in
response to the alert. This employee can only react within the OSA prescribed limits of business
process, which we fully register and record in the User Data Storage on our backend. At every
execution step as the alert is being processed, the system assigns a particular status to the
alert execution.
For example, a status tree may begin with the task of taking a photo of an empty product shelf
to register generated alert in OSA's artificial intelligence engine. Or, if the store uses our image
recognition technology, the technology may be the first to spot the out-of-stock product and
issue the alert. If this happens, our service will automatically assign an “unavailable on the
shelf” status to the product. Then, the platform will examine the warehouse stock's database for
this item and automatically assign an “unavailable in the warehouse” status after making sure
that there is zero stock of this product in its inventory.
The logic that the client feeds into the Task Kit will manage the alerts list for the end customer.
We include a variety of options for the alerts in this list, and clients can select the alert list
display style that will best match their organization's workflow.
For example, one of our clients might need an employee to build an itinerary for an in-store
inspection after getting a series of alerts. In this case, our system will organize the alerts list to
build the most optimal itinerary, one that agrees with decisions made by the on boarding team.
Another client might need an employee to prioritize alert reactions based on the largest loss in
volume or value. OSA would sort and display alerts in order of the largest profit loss per product.
At any given moment, our clients will be able to generate a performance report for the
employees responsible for executing tasks. The report will be based on the actual nature of the
alerts and their statuses. Clients can filter and sort through the alerts in the report based on
reaction criteria, time of reaction, and other attributes of alert execution functions and people
involved. The client should first create a workflow for this report in the BI Kit, and its profile
would be stored by the BI Logic system. When the workflow is ready, employees who serve a

30

task execution role will be able to generate the report for their organization.

Forecasts Categorization and Delivery
We use forecasting for two of our platform’s key strategies. The reactive strategy covers alerts
for problems that have already occured, while the proactive strategy creates alerts for events
which are likely to occur in the future. Let’s examine the reactive strategy first. All the alerts that
OSA generates can be categorized into two key groups:
џ Alerts based on direct data. For example, data sent to the client’s accounting or logistics

systems that measures the amount of product units available in a warehouse’s stock. To
generate an alert for this, we would compare the warehouse stock with our system’s data
on the sales rates for this product.
џ Alerts based on indirect data. We might, for instance, figure out that a product is

currently missing from the shelf in a retail store unequipped with optical recognition
software for automated shelf monitoring (more than 90% of the cases). In this situation, we
will use indirect data relevant to the specific store, such as hourly product sales combined
with various other attributes and data sources. In the case of sales data, we forecast
potential sales based on data from previous timeframes. If the actual sales data for an
item drops significantly, it is very likely that the product is not available in-store.
The forecasting period is vital here. The less time it takes us to resolve the problem, the more
business value the resulting alert will deliver to our clients. Before we created OSA, the
minimum forecasting timespan in retail was 24 hours. We’ve managed to decrease this time to
within one hour with frequent sales data collection from participating stores. We also use
around 30 other sources of big data selected as important from around 100 at the calibration
stage to speed up this forecasting time even more.
Now to the proactive forecasting strategy. After we accumulate an alerts history on various
business processes for a client, we can use our machine learning framework to forecast
potential alerts for future events. As a proactive strategy, the alert will recommend preventive
measures.

How Do We Create Forecasts?
How do we forecast and ensure high forecasting precision?
1. We use component-based forecasting, consisting of combinations of information or
ensemble methods.
2. We use substantial amount of relevant historical data to train our models. During training,
our models discover non-obvious trends in product sales, including seasonal factors,
weather, marketing activities, tie-in sales, etc.
3. The working model for forecasts continuously adjusts itself depending on the current sales
data, and we’ve shortened the sliding window for this adjustment down to one hour.
4. The alerts our model generates are selectively or completely validated by in-store teams,
depending on the team size and the number of participating stores. If a model discovers a
mistake, it requests feedback from the in-store teams and automatically incorporates it during
the next adjustment cycle.
We use complex models, each of which have a configuration that is optimized for performing
specific tasks and analyzing specific data sets. To make our approach differ from conventional
forecasting protocols, we started experimenting with imitational modeling, creating simulated
models of real life stores, which are based on historical data from other supply chain retailers.

31

OSA also represents product sets in a personalized purchase history with semantic vectors in
forecasting.
For this process to be effective, it is highly important to cleanse the time series data of various

Figure 10. Forecast Types
Traditional time-series-based forecasting
techniques
џ Adaptive selection from a pool of:
џ Moving average, moving median

Аlternative forecasting techniques
џ Simulation modeling
џ Semantic vectors for purchase history

џ Exponential smoothing, Holt-Winters

models
џ ARIMA(X)
џ Artificial neural networks (ANN)
џ Gradient-Boosted Trees

anomalies, and so, we perform statistical data correction at the first stage of a forecast's
lifecycle.
After cleansing the time series, we launch a number of data forecasting models that are trained
to perform various product-related tasks. Using these models, we build a forecast for each
product on an hourly basis.
Finally, we use the resulting forecasts to form various alert types as well as to calculate the
necessary KPIs. As a key feature of this process, we also use forecasts to research data trends
for the time series in question.

32

Figure 11. Forecast Creation Lifecycle

Data Storage

Provides time series data

Statistical
Correction

Provides data
cleaned of anomalies

Training
Forecasting Models

Provides trained model for
forecasting

Forecasting

Generates input for
various algorithms

Helps to discover and set
the most efficient
business metrics

Improving the further data
analysis

Generating an Alert

KPI

Data Mining
Hypothesis

33

OSA Core Technology Explained
This section explains the major technological elements of our platform, which we outlined briefly
in the introduction. We start with the big picture by laying out the three major technological
layers of OSA Core. Then, we expand our explanation into OSA’s three major technological
competencies: optical recognition, neural networks, and data science.

Figure 12. Deep Dive into OSA Core
Public data API

BACKEND layer

FRONTEND layer

ETL

USER data storage

USER data storage

POST PROCESSING service

WEB interface

NOTIFICATION service

APP

Reference data

Data engineering

ETL internal API

Load

Transform

BI KIT

BI logic

DATA STORAGE

BPM KIT

BPM logic

RAW

Binary
data

KPI

Task KIT

Task logic

Log

Sensor

ALERT

DATA SCIENCE

Main API

BIG DATA layer

Extract
ETL external API

Private data API

CHAT bot

The Main Layers
OSA Core can be visualized as a set of functional layers in our service’s main architecture.
The Big Data Layer consists of a collection of data sets, processing services, and two APIs.
The first of these APIs, the ETL External Data API, connects all of these services to the outside
world, while the second, the ETL Internal Data API, is responsible for transporting data between
various data services and the platform’s backend.
The Backend Layer supports our business logic and executes various business processes.
After the Big Data Layer generates alerts and forecasts, the Backend Layer delivers these to a
client’s employees and generates custom reports for these employees depending on their
business role.
Clients use the Backend Layer to render real-time analytical data for any problem or occurrence
they want, depending on individual employee or team responsibility area for a specific process
that was agreed by the onboarding teams.
The analytical function that pools data is updated on regular basis, giving employees sufficient
time to react to any changes. In our experience with 10 successful onboardings in Eastern
Europe, very few retail business units can provide quick enough data updates to fully qualify for
the real-time nature of the system. So if there’s any bottleneck here, it is usually the client’s data

34

sources, not OSA Core.
Finally, the Frontend Layer performs all the typical backend tasks of delivering our added value
units to the implementation team interfaces. Currently OSA platform uses only web interfaces
for this task. However, there are also mobile and desktop applications and chatbots in our
Product Roadmap and our technology development teams are already working on the
architecture that will support them.
Now let’s examine each layer in greater detail.

The Big Data Layer
When working with big data, the most difficult challenge is making order out of controlled chaos.
We built our ETL module for this reason. ETL stands for Extract, Transform and Load, and it
refers to a process that integrates data from multiple sources to create a unified reference data
catalog. The data in the catalog comes from various third party and/or client data sources, and it
could include numbers, locations, and other varied business parameters within the store itself.
There are two types of 3rd party data, both having their own application programming interface
(API).
We can also extract this partner data from public data sources, commonly referred to as “open
14
data” [Auer & others] . Such data is usually distributed based on an open license akin to those
used for software by an open-source community. It will be fed into the OSA ETL module via the
OSA Open Partner Data API, a protocol we created specifically for this purpose. Luckily, the
amount of relevant open data available for creating added value for our clients is constantly
15
growing [Wood] . More and more governments and private entities release the data they own to
the public under an “open” license. As an example, imagine this data being used for traffic
information or reports on electric power outages.
In addition to open data, we also acquire data from various commercial services providers (this
data includes things like weather forecasts, events scheduled in close vicinity to the store, etc).
Usually, such data providers require us to take necessary steps to protect this data from
unauthorised access, so we use our ETL module to process this data through the OSA
Protected Partner Data API. If our client decides to use automated data acquisition via API, we
use the OSA Protected Partner Data API to get data from data sources on the client’s side.

Partner Data API
With its bidirectional functionality, the Partner Data API can send or receive data. Our
cooperation with image recognition partners provides a great example of this bidirectionality.
First, we supply an in-store photo of goods to an image recognition partner’s server. Afterwards,
this same partner provides us with image recognition results, and our Partner Data API serves
as the avenue for both transactions.
In addition to our Partner Data API and ETL module working together, our Big Data Layer has
two comprehensive system APIs that send processed data to and from our Big Data ecosystem.
The Internal ETL API exchanges data between the big data modules and various backend
modules inside the OSA data infrastructure, and the External ETL API exports data from big
data modules to the client’s third party data processing platform, such as the external BI, BPM,
or ERP systems.
One client, for example, might have business intelligence solutions like Tableau, Qlik, or Oracle
already installed. Obviously, such specialized full scale BI solutions have multi-million dollar
budgets and can provide more space for customization than OSA’s BI.
Understanding this, we happily provide our clients with real-time data transfer from our various

35

Big Data modules into their standalone enterprise BI solutions. Therefore, the client will have
the advantage of using an enterprise standard BI that is augmented by data exported from our
data engineering and data science modules.

The Reference Data Catalog
The Reference Data Catalog (RDC) stores data that the ETL module has extracted and
processed. Reference data is data that we acquired from the client and various data partners
and then prepared to be used by the data engineering and data science modules.
RDC contains data sets with unified product descriptions, product nomenclature, and a library of
product images and visualisations. This approach solves the following issues for the retail
industry:
Issue 1. Retailers and vendors use different names for the same product. This problem is
complicated when a vendor starts working with various retailers. Ultimately, this makes
creating sales reports for single products unnecessarily difficult. Our RDC merges various
product names into a single, unified identifier. This simple solution substantially improves the
quality of resources required for data analysis.
Issue 2. The effectiveness of forecasting models depends, among other things, on the variety
of collected data and the set of factors that OSA takes into account during forecasting. Retail
data research is usually limited to product data that is mentioned in a receipt (brand, product
name, quantity, time of purchase, etc.). Such limitations usually narrow the scope of the
forecast and its accuracy. To fix this, we use the OSA Reference Data Catalog to substantially
improve the quality of the forecast. For instance, we can discover a growing trend in certain
product sub-category because the RDC keeps track of product interrelations along with
product names.
Issue 3. Significant product updates may serve to frustrate the end user. We combine RDC
with optical recognition to automate product searches based on the end user’s in-store
preferences.
The Data Engineering Module is another major element of OSA’s solutions that generates
added value for our clients. It consists of a set of mathematical algorithms that our network
consistently runs through a data reference pool in search of irregularities. As soon as it
discovers an irregularity, it issues an alert with the Notifications Service on our backend, which
is then delivered to the relevant end user on the platform’s frontend.
The Data Science Module adds further value to our system. Whereas data engineering is a
powerful tool based on simple math algorithms, data science is based on a probabilistic model
and thus offers a more sophisticated approach to data analysis. Put in non-technical terms, data
engineering is about understanding past and current events, while data science is about
forecasting the future. Therefore, more than just generating alerts, the Data Science Module
also generates forecasts.
The Data Storage Module has a name that speaks for itself. This module is an umbrella for
various storage submodules, such as raw data, binary data, KPI and alert storage, sensor data,
and log data.

The Backend
The User Data Storage is distributed between both the Backend Layer and the Frontend Layer.
It stores various data generated by end user as well as metadata related to this user’s role,
organization, and the user’s position within the organization. The Backend side of User Data
Storage manages profile info, login and password info, the organization’s name, employee

36

roles/positions, access rights, and BI and BPM profiles.
Also distributed between the Backend and the Frontend Layers, the Main API ensures that data
flows smoothly between the two layers. Currently, the Main API works only internally within our
ecosystem. However we haven’t ruled out opening it to third party users in the future, as well as
enabling third party voice-recognition personal assistants like Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa,
Samsung’s Bixby, or Microsoft’s Cortana.
The Post Processing Service Module creates a unified data environment for our end users. It
makes sure our end users get all the information they might need, taking into account their
position and role within the organization. This service also stores all data profiles and is
responsible for updating them regularly.
Notification Service stores customer notification preferences and preferred notification
channels so that it can send relevant system notifications to tech support and alerts/service
information to the end user.
Our backend’s Business Intelligence, Business Process Management, and Task modules share
common architecture, namely - Kit and Logic. The Kit allows end users or authorized client
representatives to set up customized data models and establish rules for work and dataflows.
The Logic then executes these rules and provides the end user with validated data.
Business Intelligence Module provides templates and widgets for data visualization. We use a
highcharts data visualization library to provide BI functionality, a professional library that
provides all the key visualization templates. We use line, column, bar, and pie widgets for
graphing purposes most frequently.
The Business Process Management Module (BPM) manages reactions to various issues and
tasks within the OSA platform. The reaction process is actually an algorithm, standardizing
workflow to streamline tasks and problem solving. Standardization enables employee
evaluation, as well as automated monitoring and reporting. We use the BPM Kit to create
workflow reactions and the BPM Logic to store and apply workflow templates. The key
principles of our BPM architecture are:
1. All the BPM features are limited by the event reaction model
2. Alerts, the key event types, can have various iterations, depending on the algorithm that
generated them
3. Events can also be standalone tasks not directly related to optimal shelf availability
4. An event reaction manifest is a workflow, structured either as a linear sequence or as an
oriented graph
5. The reaction can be a composite (i.e., it can include a consecutive set of reactions from
several employees)
6. The BPM Kit allows clients to design workflows with various action choices: action/task
confirmation, photo capturing, photo recognition, number inputs, comment additions, task
delegation. We are also working on adding new actions
7. The platform stores a workflow’s current status. Essentially, this means executing
employees can postpone and resume tasks at will. It also means that our platform can issues
real-time progress reports for the employees who execute these tasks.
Task Management Module manages the task list of an employee executing platform
commands, and personalized KPIs define the employee’s task list, its layout, and the task’s
prioritization rules. At its core, the module focuses on minimizing mistakes in task prioritization.

37

The TM Module has the following default modes:
1. Basic mode: the tasks get sorted according to their lost sales potential
2. In-line mode: the tasks are prioritized to provide maximum possible product offering on the
shelf
3. Map mode: helps managers to optimize product movements within their stores’ retail
space. To do that our platform conducts background analysis of the retail space
configuration to perform automatic optimization of the merchandiser routes within the store.

The Frontend
Our frontend provides an interface for users to interact with platform functions depending on
their needs and their role within the business. We plan to expand the service delivery channel
from current OSA's web interface to mobile applications for iOS, WatchOS, and Android,
desktop applications for Mac OS and Windows and create chat bots for Facebook Messenger
and Telegram.

Figure 13. Screenshot of OSA Web-based End User Interface

38

Our frontend and backend communicate via the OSA Main API. In the future, the Main API will
support third party client applications, as well, which could range from white label versions of
OSA's platform to any third party applications that have implemented the Main API.
The frontend also hosts parts of the User Data Storage, which is responsible for transferring
content to and from end user devices. This data might be a photo of product shelves, an end
user's personal data, cached data necessary for expediting a service on the client's side, or
timestamps describing end user's actions.

Image Recognition Pipeline
Figure 14. The Image Recognition Process Explained

ECR Lab

Reference
Data Catalog

ECR

OSA

Image
generation

OSA

Visual recognition
service

Visual Recognition Partner

Visual
recognition
API

Text
response
(PLU
No###)

Training PLU
visual recognition
model

Visual recognition
service

Visual Recognition Partner

39

The ECR Lab extracts information on a product’s visual, textual, numerical, and marketing
attributes. During the optical recognition process, the Lab retrieves the master copy of the
product packaging in PDF form or as some other graphic, either directly from the vendor or by
scanning the packaging. The system automatically recognizes and immediately registers the
product’s attributes and transfers this information to the OSA Master Data Catalog.
The Reference Data Catalog then aggregates all of the information regarding a product and its
attributes, namely: ingredients, properties, dimensions, description, packaging, optimal storage
conditions, associated marketing, promo campaigns, and nuanced attributes pertaining to
specific product categories (e.g., free of artificial flavors and colorants, sugar or salt free, safe
for use during pregnancy, etc.). The catalog will also track changes to these product attributes
as the goods make their way through the supply chain and its stores.
Any and all visual information from the Reference Data Catalog is transmitted to an image
recognition provider, who then creates a 3D model of the product. This model is used to
generate a set of images to train the AI to recognize the 3D-rendered product’s real life
counterpart on store shelves. To ensure this recognition, the model is composed of multiple
pictures with different lighting compositions and shooting angles, and each image is tagged with
the item’s product identifier and in-store or supply chain coordinates.
After images are completely rendered, the network transfers them to the neural network to train
the visual recognition model for the corresponding products. Once this training is finished, the
image recognition functionality is available 24/7.
The Partner Data API is responsible for establishing a two-way connection between the image
recognition provider and the OSA Core. To utilize the image recognition function, a client would
send a product image to the OSA Core network, which would then retrieve a response from the
image recognition provider with the product’s coordinates and general information.

OSA Machine Learning Framework
OSA’s machine learning uses a framework of formalized machine readable logic to replace
manual functions and human decision making processes. As one might guess, the ultimate goal
of our machine learning framework is to replace manually-executed network tasks and minimize
product management errors, thereby increasing the speed and accuracy with which the system
oversees optimal shelf availability for our clients. The figure below demonstrates a typical ML
workflow within our system.
Understanding the Business Problem. At this stage, we get together with our key
stakeholders to define the client’s main business problem that our algorithms are meant to
solve. The methodology to analyze an issue may vary from ethnographic interviews with the
relevant personnel to industry group debriefings. The purpose of this stage is to discuss the
issue with the client to better understand how we can help them, even if this means testing out
or discovering new features for our model.
Analyzing existing data, collecting additional data. At this stage, we ascertain the exact data
OSA will need to deliver a successful product. For example, a client’s store might be located
next to a competitor. Thus, a product’s fluctuating demand may be dependent on the competing
store’s discounts and promotional campaigns. We analyze these factors and product trends
external to a client’s store to help them pinpoint why other stores are selling products that
they’ve failed to move.
Feature Engineering. This process involves transforming the data we collected at the previous
stage into a format that allows OSA to train machine learning/AI models. Using a misplaced
bottle of apple juice analogy, the features of this product might be the following:

40

Figure 15. OSA Machine Learning Workflow

Assess the Client's Needs and
Business Concerns

Analyze Existing Data and Collect
Additional Data

More Data/More
Feature
Engineering?

Data Preparation
(Feature Engineering)

Modeling

Model Validation

Error Analysis

Is the Model
Accurate?

Optimization and
Deployment

џ What is an item’s product category?
џ What is the price of competing products in this category?
џ How long was a product absent from the shelf?
џ When did the product arrive to store?
џ What is the stock/inventory of this product in a certain store?
џ How many times should this product have been purchased since the last time an actual

sale occurred?
This feature engineering uses neural networks to discover relevant competing products. For
instance, OSA can collect cashier receipts and train our neural network to understand which
goods are typically purchased together.

41

Modelling. This step involves using the neural network’s various machine learning techniques
like neural networks, gradient boosting trees, and adaptive selection. Inspired by neuroscience,
neural networks are computer systems that consist of interconnected nodes, much like your
brain’s interconnected network of neurons. Gradient boosting trees build prediction models by
producing an ensemble of weak decision trees, after generalizing them by optimization of an
arbitrary differentiable loss function for classification and regression. Adaptive selection
algorithms choose the best model from a pool of pre-existing ones in order to adapt it to a
changing environment.
We train our models using these techniques. The training process results in a set of rules,
coefficients, and interconnections which the machine learning acquires from each data set. We
use test data sets and training data sets to guarantee the model’s prediction quality and
accuracy after implementation. When training data sets we also train our data model, which will
then be validated using a test data set.
Model Validation. At this step in the process, we use model validation to pick relevant test data
and determine appropriate metrics to use for the model. These metrics include system
precision, the system’s product recall, ROC AUC, F1, and MAPE. Let’s use our favorite juice
box example to explain the metrics we use for model validation:
џ Precision — how likely is OSA to correctly predict that the juice box is absent from the

shelf?
џ Recall — how often did OSA detect that the juice box was absent out of all times when it

actually was absent?
џ ROC AUC (Receiver Operating Characteristic — Area Under the Curve) — the probability

that a model will more likely rank a randomly chosen case of juice boxes absent than a
randomly chosen case of juice boxes present
џ F1 — the harmonic average of the precision and recall
џ MAPE (Mean Absolute Percentage Error) — a forecast accuracy metric that defines the

difference in percentages between a juice box brand’s sales forecast and the actual
quantity of juice boxes sold
џ Recall at a certain precision level — defines the correlation between recall and the set

precision levels
After picking the relevant validation metrics, we apply them to validate the model. If the
validation is successful, we deploy the model and it becomes part of our machine learning
framework. If the relevant metrics yield insufficient outcomes, then this signals OSA to perform
additional data collection and feature engineering.

Data Science Pipeline
OSA’s Data Science Core includes components that provide different types of alerts.
Forecast Algorithms provide a series of forecasts for products based on each time series and
hour. The time series are tailored to each in-store product. The more forecasts the system
produces, the more we’ll be able to build complex models and improve our feature engineering
to define and resolve problems with product on-shelf availability.
The Promotion Detection Algorithm identifies if there are any promotions available elsewhere
for each in-store product. Usually, retailers have access to planned promotional data but no
actual, real-time promotional data, but this algorithm gives them access to such data to gage
product pricing against competitor models.

42

Related Products Detection Algorithms identify competing (substitutive) and accompanying
(complementary) products by using neural networks and point of sale data. This information will
help to define whether a sales problem results from understocking or sales bias towards product
substitutes (e.g., if consumers are buying Nesquik instead of chocolate milk directly).
The Feature Engineering Component transforms data to create features for further
classification model training.
Active Learning Components gather relevant, labeled data to increase model efficiency
metrics. This component defines which labeled data is the most useful for the model before like
data is collected in-store to build on the model.
The Classification Algorithm provides trained models with relevant product information based
on in-store labelling.
The Labeled Data Validation Component is used to guarantee that data labelling is accurate
and meets system standards. It includes visualization tools accompanied with photos made by
in-store users to check whether labeled information is correct.
Data Storage is an external component that includes all the relevant data collected from
available sources, such as retailers, producers, and 3rd party data providers. The Data Science
Core extracts initial data from this storage component and, after extraction and analysis, restores the calculated data back into the Data Storage.

43

Blockchain and Tokenization of Our
Services
Data integrity persists as the primary concern of any big data ecosystem in retail. This concern
spans the integrity of data inside the ecosystem itself (infrastructure, servers, data storage) and
the integrity of the data sources that feed information into the ecosystem. In 2016, we started
researching blockchain technology for its potential role in solving data integrity problems within
OSA's own network.
The end result of this research, the OSA Decentralized Platform, is a completely re-engineered
version of the OSA Hybrid Platform. It incorporates various iterations of blockchain technology
(e.g., distributed ledger technology, smart contracts), and we engineered its tokenomics to
ensure that it generates added value for each stakeholder and that value creators are properly
compensated for their contributions to the network.
OSA's modus operandi is to predict, locate, and react to the myriad events that occur
throughout various stages of the supply chain process. Each event - and our enhanced
understanding of such an event - contributes to improved optimal product availability.
In this section, we introduce OSA coin, the native crypto currency of OSA's private blockchain.
On top of this blockchain, we also introduce OSE tokens, a series of tokens for each business
event that will occur within OSA's ecosystem. Each OSE token represents a business KPI for a
specific use case in an individual store, such as the number of juice boxes that should always
be available on-shelf in the beverages section of a specific store. The KPI measures the price of
the smart contract to gage a function's worth relative to other network functions. We explain our
smart contract kit below in this section.
Developing and implementing a private blockchain takes time. That is why for the purposes of
this token sale we introduce a temporary ERC20-based OSA token. OSA token will be
operational until our private blockchain is ready for the production stage. At that point OSA
tokens will circulate alongside OSA coins at the rate of 1:1 - one - to - one and will gradually
replace them. Total quantity of OSA tokens and coins will remain unchanged, - each issued
OSA coin will replace 1 OSA token.

44

Figure 16. OSA Smart Contract Infrastructure

Party 1

Party 2

Business
Agreement

Smart contract

OSE
token
#1

OSA CORE

OSE
token
#2

OSE
token
#3

Event
Event

KPI DATA
HASH

Event

Contract
Records

Contract execution

Party 1

OSA Coin

Party 1

OSA Coin

45

How will OSA token become OSA coin?
Tokens run on top of existing blockchains, Ethereum being the most popular one, with its
ERC20 token architecture custom built for the purposes of token sales. Unlike tokens, coins are
based on their own blockchain. In order to create such a blockchain the core team of a new coin
can decide to develop it from scratch. Alternatively, and this is the preferred option for most core
teams in 2018, they can fork a blockchain which already exists.
As OSA is about inventing new use cases for blockchain technology, not reinventing the
blockchain itself, we decided to fork. Given the requirements of the OSA DC marketplace
requirements, the key criteria were identified as the ability to process endless number of
transactions, including micro value transactions, in real time, and very low cost of gas, again, to
accommodate micro transactions. After preliminary analysis, our blockchain architects landed
on a shortlist of three possible blockchain technology providers: Ethereum, NEO and NEM.

Mijin by NEM
Of those three, we selected Mijin by NEM. Mijin is based on NEM blockchain that runs crypto,
which is among the world's top-20, by market capitalization. Mijin is a corporate permissioned
blockchain. It combines the hash rate and flexibility of distributed ledger with the confidentiality
and security of a private protected peer-to-peer network.

Why Do We Use Permissioned Blockchain?
In case of OSA, lots of sensitive data will be travelling through our blockchain. This includes
number of customers at a certain store, their routes and routines, preferred goods and services,
etc. Undoubtedly such commercially sensitive information cannot be shared with the public
without some preliminary moderation.
A permissioned blockchain offers an access control layer to the organization implementing it. Of
course, this feature comes together with a certain degree of centralization. However, the role of
the server or the access node in the permissioned blockchain is limited only to managing the
access privileges. Such a server does not have an influence on the content and data integrity
within the blockchain it serves.
Therefore, a permissioned blockchain will provide confidentiality and data protection to OSA
clients, while still guaranteeing the integrity of the data travelling between vendors, retailers,
technology partners and our system.

Proof-of-Importance
Mijin is based on a proof-of-importance (PoI) consensus algorithm. Proof-of-importance is a
subtype of proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus. Like PoS consensus, PoI relies on the amount of
coins each node owner has to vest in the blockchain to become a masternode. However, NEM
introduced an additional parameter titled "local trust value" on top of the traditional PoS.
Local trust value relies on a set of mathematical formulas and the ranking algorithm called
"NCDawareRank" to calculate the exact reputation of each masternode. These technical
measures will make OSA blockchain more resilient and resistant to attacks by malicious nodes.

46

Transition from OSA Token to OSA Coin
In Q2 2019 OSA will launch its MainNet on Mijin blockchain. Speaking in terms of traditional
product life cycle — if TestNet is akin to alpha release of a product MainNet is the commercial
launch. From the date of the launch we will start exchanging the circulating Ethereum-based
OSA tokens to Mijin-based OSA Coins at 1:1 rate. This will be implemented in order to speed
up the transactions time and make them cheaper.

Usability of OSA Token
However, since the launch of OSA MainNet we will gradually exchange and burn all OSA
tokens, so that within several years OSA coin becomes the main currency of our ecosystem.
One of the major drivers for the liquidity of the OSA token will be community expectations based
on how well OSA performs its roadmap.
Contributors, holding more enough of OSA tokens (exact number TBD) will be able to file an
application to become the masternode until a deadline that will be announced separately. After
that deadline the applicant masternode will have to acquire OSA coins in order to qualify.

Liquidity of OSA Coin
After its introduction, OSA coin will become the base currency of our ecosystem. Our clients, be
it vendors wishing to ensure optimal shelf availability of their goods or retailers seeking to use
OSA solutions to maximize their margin and increase customer loyalty, will enter into smart
contracts. The currency of those contracts will be OSA coin.
Each time a new vendor joins our platform and signs their first smart contract, this vendor has to
acquire new OSA coins either from an exchange or from individual participants of our
ecosystem who already earned them in some way. The more vendor traction we will have, the
more transactions there will be on OSA blockchain, and the better will be the usability of OSA
coin.
The increasing amount of transactions will also cause a second liquidity booster — incremental
growth of masternodes on OSA blockchain. As we know from the section on masternodes:
launching a new masternode on OSA blockchain requires vesting certain amount of OSA coins
to establish proof-of-importance. This amount is quite substantial and equals the fee from a
certain number of transactions (TBD) of the average smart contract transactions on OSA
blockchain, to be determined at the time of the detailed technical forecast.
This means the prospective owners of OSA masternodes will also become substantial financial
contributors of our ecosystem, providing usage boost for OSA coin at its growth stage.

47

Smart Contract Kit
After completing our token sale, we will unravel the OSA Smart Contract Kit. Whenever a
vendor and retailer implements OSA and creates a product availability KPI, they will enter into a
smart contract. Each KPI will have an assessment scale, and if a participating retail chain meets
the KPI standards set by the vendor, that retailer will receive fixed or dynamic payment in OSA
tokens.

Figure 17. OSA Smart Contract Kit
Events
џ Calculating KPI at a certain moment in time
џ Activation of sensors (sensor data collection)
џ Retrieving image recognition results
џ Creating, editing, or deleting a document

within the EDI (including creating new
document or deleting exsting)

Conditions
џ Event occured /

not occured

Remuneration
џ Fixed
џ Dynamic

џ And / or /not
џ Equals / more /

less

џ Accessing OSA Data Storage
џ Writing data to the database

A fixed remuneration means that the KPI has one threshold. For example, if the amount of juice
boxes available on a store’s shelf was more than 10 for at least 340 days of this year, then this
store met its KPI and will be remunerated with 100 OSA coins.
Dynamic remuneration means the KPI is variable, consisting of various thresholds. Returning to
the juice box example, juice box availability could be scaled as such:

Figure 18. Dynamic Remuneration for Juice Boxes
Days when a sufficient number of juice
boxes were available on the store’s shelf

Dynamic remuneration scale

365

120 OSA Coins

Over 340

100 OSA Coins

Over 320

60 OSA Coins

Below 320

No remuneration

Obviously, dynamic remuneration is more efficient for both parties as it provides more flexible
incentives for the participating retail stores to meet their KPIs. Thus, dynamic remunerations
deliver more value to the vendor.

48

OSA Tokenomics
One of blockchain’s clearest benefits is its ability to provide transparent, fair share to each of the
network’s stakeholder. Our tokenomics can be grouped into three major categories: smart
contracts and the parties signing them (i.e. vendor and retailer), a platform fee that’s fairly split
between ecosystem participants and contributors, and the master node that supports the entire
blockchain network. Let’s take closer look at each of these categories.

Figure 19. OSA Blockchain Fees Structure

OSA Coin

OSE token

Z

"Variable fee is
thecontract price
agreed bythe parties

Token A for Event X in Service Y
The variable fee (Z) is the
contract price agreed upon by
the participating parties

Master Node

N1

is team remuneration

X

Pays OSA Coins to
becomemaster node»

N2

is compensation to
masternode owners

Y

Gets OSA Coins
forproviding master
nodeservices»

N3

is OSA infrastructure fee

N4

is technology partners’
compensation

N5

is data providers’
compensation

N represents the platform fee,
where

Master Node

N1 is a team remuneration

Pays X OSA coins to become a
master node

N2 is compensation to
masternode owners

Gets Y OSA coins for providing
master node services

N3 is OSA’s infrastructure fee
N4 is technology partners’
compensation
N5 is data providers’
compensation

49

The Smart Contract
Using OSA's Smart Contract Kit, we will tokenize optimal store availability KPIs for vendors and
participating retail stores. Obviously, both vendors and retailers will be responsible for
negotiating a smart contract price and token payout based on the KPI and the level of service
expected. The contract price is set in OSA coins at the parties free will. We can provide
guidelines for establishing a contract price that is fair and motivating; however, OSA does not
influence or control over the vendor and retailer's agreed-upon price.
Each tokenized KPI will be come on top of OSA blockchain. The tokens that record KPIs (OSE
tokens) won't be listed or traded on exchanges. Rather, they record the KPI's values so that
proper remuneration may occur between the parties upon meeting the requirements.

The OSA Coin and OSA Platform Fees
The OSA coin is the lifeblood of the OSA blockchain, the transport layer for OSE tokens, and
the trigger that enables the OSA Smart Contract Kit. On top of these functions, OSA coin is also
the major economic medium of the OSA ecosystem. After its introduction in 2019, we will
convert all OSA tokens from this token sale to OSA coins and replace OSA token with OSA
coins, meaning any willing party will be able to exchange OSA tokens into OSA coins as well as
to acquire OSA coin and participate in our ecosystem.
The market will derive the economic value of OSA coin from the arithmetic averages of all the
platform's smart contracts that are based on its blockchain plus OSA's platform fees consisting
of remuneration to various participants of the added value chain of the OSA platform. The nonexclusive list of OSA's platform fees includes:
1. OSA team remuneration. Yet another essential element of any commercial blockchain
ecosystem. The proceeds of this token sale cover our current financial needs. However, so
that OSA can sustain itself in the future (5 or 10 years from now), we need to secure
additional sources of financing for our team.
2. Compensation for masternode operators. We will describe masternodes in detail
below in the next section. But for now, masternode compensation incentivizes node
operators to support the ecosystem.
3. OSA infrastructure fee. Outside of blockchain and distributed computing, our
ecosystem needs legacy technology to support all of its APIs, the fundamental elements
OSA Core, and our office printer. The infrastructure fee makes supporting these old-school
services possible.
4. Compensation for our technology partners. This type of fee makes OSA ecosystem
attractive to various technology providers and incentivizes them to provide our customers
with the cutting edge technologies. In particular, it covers costs for image recognition
platform (Neuromation (www.neuromation.io), our primary provider in this field).
5. Compensation for data providers. These fees allow OSA to draw from the best data
sources available on the market, which ensures outstanding business results.
We have intentionally chosen to refrain from listing exact percentages for each of OSA’s
platform fees. Doing so would be premature and hasty on our part, as final fee metrics will be
largely market-driven as providers and users agree on rates for each service. For example, we
might establish partnerships with a major business data provider that creates substantial value
for our customers. Obviously, based on the principles of supply and demand, this will likely
increase the access fee for these data providers in our value distribution model.

50

To provide another example, the price of cloud storage and cloud computing services might
decrease, as storage technology, microprocessors, and core computational applications
become increasing advanced and cost-efficient. This will cause OSA’s infrastructure fee to drop.

The Master Nodes
By and large, Proof-of-Work blockchains are becoming less popular. As Proof of Work energy
consumption raises international concerns, innovators in the cryptocurrency space have
questioned sustainability and dependency of mining method for ensuring distributed consensus
and network integrity. This is why we have opted to use master nodes under a Proof-of-Stake
system to secure OSA's network.
Under a Proof-of-Stake model, validators are chosen deterministically by the network to validate
transactions and solve the mathematical problems that generate new blocks. These validators
serve the same function as miners, except they don't compete with other validators to mine
blocks. Rather, they stake the network's native currency (in this case, OSA coin) in a core
wallet that runs the network's software, and then the network chooses them to validate
transactions and build blocks based on how many coins they have staked and for how long
they've staked them.
All participants of a P2P network are called nodes. On a PoS or PoI consensus-based
blockchain some nodes perform additional technical and administrative functions, like storing
the most current version of the ledger or voting to determine the future features of this
blockchain. They are called “supernodes” or “masternodes”.
Establishing 50 masternodes will be sufficient for stable functioning of the OSA blockchain.
Obviously, we will cover this “required minimum” using our internal resources. Adding new
masternodes will make OSA blockchain faster and resilient. Within the current configuration we
are ready to accommodate up to 2000 masternodes.
Any willing individual or corporation that was cleared by the access node can launch a
masternode on OSA blockchain. On top of that, each masternode then has to vest certain
amount of OSA coins and keep this vested amount available at all times. Failure to do so will
lead to permanent disqualification of this masternode.
Besides the minimum vested amount requirements, each masternode will also have to comply
with certain information security, privacy and data integrity requirements. The core team of OSA
will conduct regular audits to verify masternodes on all those parameters.
Failing masternodes will be disqualified permanently. Additionally, our partners at Hacken will
run a community-based rolling bug bounty program to make sure we, not hackers, are the first
to discover our bugs.

How Will Masternode Owners Get their OSA Coins?
Like miners in proof-of-work consensus systems, masternodes get compensation for performing
technical and administrative functions. When we mention the “disqualification” of a masternode
above, it only means this node will become a regular node and won't receive the masternode
fee.
This rule will be applicable if the owner of the node in question only will only fail the masternode
rules of our blockchain and will not commit any crime or fraudulent act, which might lead to (1)
the violating node being disconnected from the system, (2) launch of the criminal proceedings
by the authorities of the relevant jurisdiction.

51

Power of the Smart Consumer. B2C.
Vision
We aim to create a new era of retail: SMART CONSUMER RETAIL
- Smart Consumers: They make intelligent choices based on unique personal requirements
and needs using reliable and transparent product information - i.e. full ingredients list,
comprehensive product attributes and features, product ratings, origin, provenance, storage
and handling, price, etc., - available to the shoppers at their fingertips, via digital electronic
assistant. Product's ratings shall be based on or peer-to-peer recommendations. We
envision, that product (and – manufacturer and retailer) ratings will become the key currency
in grocery retail, forcing the manufacturers to improve products quality to better satisfy
consumers' needs and retailers to improve the service levels.
- Consumers' Power: We shall unite consumers into a single powerful community, giving
them the power over both the manufacturers of consumer goods and the retailers. So that
consumers will be able to tell what products they really want, when and where and at what
prices.
- Responsible Consumers: Over time, the OSA-trained electronic assistant will be able to
manage the amount of purchased products in order to reduce the domestic spoilage
levels, saving up to 30% of all purchased products that currently get wasted.
- Healthy Consumers: we shall aim to partner with AI in medicine and health protection,
and combine consumers health tracking data with recommended products. This will allow
us to create AI that shall identify previously unknown patterns and develop a healthy diet
for each person on the planet according to his/her individual characteristics, to provide
preventive health protection. With that we shall defeat obesity, diabetes and cancer!

Introduction
Retail industry, ever since its conception, constantly evolved, changing paradigms along the
way. Revolutions change the previously accepted rules and create new economy. Right now
the global retail is in the mid of 3rd revolution.

Power of Brands
First revolution of the fast moving consumer goods retail (FMCG) – called the Power of Brands,
started with the appearance of the big brands, which became an essential part of mass culture.
This revolution coincided with the baby boomers generation rise. Big brands significantly
facilitated product choices and lead to stereotypical purchasing behaviors in the stores.
Overriding trust in big brands allowed the shoppers to avoid the necessity of having to compare
multiple available product choices every time when doing shopping. The flip side was the
shoppers' willingness to surrender the control over products' ingredients.
A compromise was reached, where the brand had to offer an acceptable range of attributes,
whilst constantly maintaining media presence, and the consumer had to surrender products
comparison, products choice and the ingredients control.

Power of Retail Chains
Consolidation of the retail chains brought about second retail revolution – the so-called Power of
Retail Chains. This revolution coincided with the generation X rise. Retail chains offered
tangible logistical benefits to shoppers, by placing everything needed into one shop, thus

52

significantly reducing time spent on shopping.
Having amassed sufficient scale, the retail chains obtained significant leverage over both
shoppers and the manufacturers of consumer goods.
This lead to a compromise where the retail chains offered the shoppers an acceptable product
range and simple logistics. In return, the shoppers had to surrender the search for the
alternative product range and price control.
These revolutions have lead to creating conflicts between generations: each compromise was
by and large maintained by the generation that reached it, whereas the following generations
would reject this compromise as unacceptable. Therefore, the bigger the time lapse is between
generations, the higher are the ensuing tensions.
Shopping experience is most influenced by the following 9 issues:
1. Trust in brand / product / seller
2. Trust in product composition and ingredients
3. Trust in proper product storage and handling
4. Easy to find the product
5. Easy to select product
6. Easy to choose product
7. Price control (price awareness)
8. Shopping is a routine
9. Grocery shopping is time consuming

Need for Change
The intensity of clashing pressures varies depending on generations it affects. It grows
inversely to the shoppers age and reaches its maximum between generations X and Z. In 10
years from now these generations will make up the majority of economically active population
and generate the biggest amount of purchases.
Generations X and Z therefore are the key interested parties in breaking down the existing
structure of compromises in the FMCG retail industry. It so happens that these generations are
the most professional users of the digital environment.

Power of the Smart Consumer Explained
Third FMCG retail revolution is technology driven. Technological developments allow shoppers
to break through both big brands information monopoly, and the retail chains logistical
monopoly. This revolution impacts Millennials and Generation Z.
Available technologies allow shoppers to search and compare infinite numbers of products,
based on pre-defined preferences, and both manufacturing and logistics will have to adapt to
the new digitized consumer needs.
We are now seeing only the first wave of this new revolution. The shoppers massively use
social networks and topic chats to provide product and seller related feedback and comments.
This effectively destroys brands' informational monopoly.
But the revolution will only get in full swing when the shoppers obtain a set of comprehensive
solutions to their 9 key concerns with shopping listed above.

53

Solutions to Shoppers Concerns
In approaching the development of the shoppers solution framework, we have grouped the
shoppers concerns around the technological pillars that are capable of solving them.

Group #1 Blockchain
Combines the following shopper's concerns:
1. Trust in product composition and ingredients
2. Trust in proper product storage and handling
Solution for this group of problems in based on blockchain ledger registry of manufacturing,
transportation and handling processes for each product. These processes are traced via sets of
sensors, assigned to every product unit and can easily be retrieved on demand.
This allows shoppers or their personal digital assistants to verify that the particular product is
fully made up of organic components and was shipped and handled in full adherence to the
prescribed conditions.

Group #2 Product Master Data Catalogue
Addresses the following shoppers concerns:
1. Trust in product composition and ingredients
2. Easy to select product
This group of shoppers' concerns is addressed by creation of the unified Product Master Data
Catalogue. Product data in the Catalogue is enriched with all attributes that are specific to the
product's performance characteristics. These characteristics can be objective, subjective,
relative or contextual. These attributions allow to link product to usage experiences of each
individual consumer.
This allows shoppers or their personal digital assistants to make sure that any chosen product,
for example: 1) does not indeed contain salt or another specified ingredients and 2) was liked by
the majority of other shoppers with similar product preferences. Further on, taking into account
the required weight or volume of the chosen product, personal digital assistant can work out the
most efficient logistics.

Group #3 Dynamic Reputation Rating (Game Logic)
1.Trust in brand / product / seller
It is nearly impossible to digitize all the factors that influence shoppers' satisfaction from the
purchase. Yet, the vast majority of these factors are centered around processes, motives and
strategies of the manufacturers and / or retailers. In some cases, these are indirect subjective
evaluations or completely unknown factors.
Attempting to generate this data we rely on the game theory methodology. We develop a
dynamic ratings system, which is then used to generate additional attributes and features for
every product (or manufacturer of consumer goods) and retail store (or retail chain). Ratings
can be grouped as global, local and individual – and can be applied in the specific decision
making or problem solving process initiated by shopper or personal digital assistant. Ratings
system is immune to tampering.
Using this option, shoppers or their personal digital assistants can choose required level of
expected 1) service when selecting the appropriate store or chain, or 2) product quality /

54

performance, when choosing specific product.

Group #4 Personal Digital Assistant (Intelligent Interface)
The following shopper concerns fall into this category:
1. Easy to find the product
2. Easy to choose product
3. Price control (price awareness)
4. Shopping is a routine
5. Grocery shopping is time consuming
This group of concerns is addressed with the help of personal AI managed digital assistant. It is
trained by accumulating, analyzing and processing personal shopper’s data, including the
purchasing history, shopper’s preferences. Personal digital assistant is capable of processing
available product offers during and either independently planning purchases, formulating
purchasing strategies and deciding on purchases, or supporting the shopper in making his
purchasing decisions. Assistant also provides optimal products logistics and delivery. All data is
encrypted and released to Platform or third parties upon explicit shopper’s consent or on the
need-to-know basis, to enable services provision.
How do we organize decisions in the personal digital assistant?
Each of the sections described above is a modular set in the Core of the cloud Platform.
Together they make up the Core. Core Platform analyses shoppers' requirements, assesses
the modules' relevance and applicability and provides optimum modules combinations to best
address them.
Modules and services interact on the Platform in a way of micro transactions fueled by internal
crypto currency.
Platform's strategy lies in generating maximum affinity and reach, within minimum time lapse.
To achieve it we will offer Platform services for use by other partners. Partners can build digital
shopping environment for specific target audiences. We will effectively offer our marketplace to
the owners of retail stores, brands, sites or mobile apps – literally to any service that has a more
or less constant target audience – to develop their own digital environments for personalized
shopping.

Digital Environment for Personalized Shopping
Digital environment for personalized shopping is developed based on the so-called «customer
journey» of identified shoppers target group. Key objective of the customer journey is to lead
the shopper through the purchasing process, leading to successful purchase. The environment
consists of the platform services which are used as LEGO modules to best reconstruct
particular customer journey.
Each service or module solves a separate problem along the customer journey, ultimately
leading to scoring a positive impression from purchase.
Platform envisions using the following services to develop the customer journey.
Profile AI Kit is a set of intelligent user profile generators, based on generated personal data.
They manage personal data access, encryption and crypto currency transactions.
Ingredients Data Tracker keeps blockchain secured track record of sensor data related to
product ingredients provenance, and feeds this data into the Platform.

55

Delivery Data Tracker registers blockchain secured sensor data related to products storage
and handling conditions along the supply chain to the shop shelf, and during delivery from the
shop to the end consumer, and feeds this data into the Platform.
Storage Data Tracker registers blockchain secured sensor data related to products storage
and handling conditions on the shop shelf, best before date and feeds this data into the
Platform.
Search, comparison and choice AI Kit – set of instruments for the real-time intelligent product
search, comparison and recommendation, based on predefined user criteria.
IR & AR Kit recognizes products captured by mobile camera or from photos and accompanies
recognized objects with augmented reality elements. It also manages recognition models
training.
AR Kit manages and activates augmented reality objects using fixed markers (QR).
VR Kit creates and manages virtual reality environment.
Logistic Kit interacts between local, glocal and global shipment and delivery options, plans
routes and timings.
Shopper assigns which data will be used by his personal digital assistant, which data will be
available to selected partners and / or global services (i.e. global ratings data).

Smart Shopper Economy
The lowest denominator of any module on the Platform is a separate service unit. Service unit
obtains necessary entry data, processes it and passes it back to the customer or up to the next
service unit in customer journey. Entry data has an X cost associated with it. As it gets
processed, data gets added value N, this is the cost of service execution. Charged service
value is X + N. Complex tasks will require a sequence of service units to be executed on the
Platform.
Shopper pays for the service provision in a way of a micro transaction in the platform's
cryptocurrency, OSA coin. Platform collects the payment for the services execution. Engaged
3rd party environment owner may choose to receive or not a mark-up, after all his objective is to
take the shopper on a successful customer journey and receive profit from the sold goods or
services.
Platform economic model will balance between 1) OSA coins flow into shoppers' wallets and 2)
needs of the Platform to deliver services.
We consider using three options of balancing mechanisms:
1. Coefficients management – services cost is balanced within every environment
2. Diversification of income:
џ Possibility of open access to data by third parties – i.e. allow platform services to

analyze shoppers purchasing data
џ Introduce payment for shopper data collection – i.e. every time a shopper points camera

on the shop shelf, the platform will purchase taken photos for processing and rendering
purposes
џ Sponsorship of certain services by a brand / store / environment owner.

3. Provide shopper with flexibility and ease of managing his Platform account between
cryptocurrency and FIAT currencies.

56

OSA DC Business Model
Business model "Freemium" based on revenue share:
At the beginning the business model is set up to allow retailers get free of charge service while
consumer goods manufacturers pay for the service, whilst increasing sales volume of its
products and optimizing costs, including conducting expensive regular retail audits. Both
participating retailers and manufacturers get sales increase.
When a particular retailer requires additional services on the platform, OSA charges for service
based on revenue share agreement.
Consumers (shoppers) are approached through B2C service - and are compensated both by
retailers and manufacturers.
OSA business model is "triple win".
Participating businesses profit from improved efficiencies and synergies, provided by OSA
solutions.
Consumers and shoppers benefit by paying less for products in participating retail, not having
to waste time looking for the products suiting their needs and staying healthy by making
intelligent and smart product choices.
Our planet benefits from dramatically reduced waste levels.

Commercial and marketing Strategies Under
Consideration
Project consists of two parts – B2B and B2C.
B2B commercial strategies:
Our scaling strategy is based on 3 pillars: 1/ through existing consumer products and retailer
chains customer base (global / regional corporations); 2/ through establishing local offices and
operations in key markets and approaching local customers; and 3/ through establishing local
partners base (we are in negotiations with D&T and EY, IT integrators and other consulting
providers).
џWe are very well connected within the consumer product retail industry. We are the strategic
partner of ECR (association that unites biggest retailers and manufacturers in 48 countries of
the world). We will leverage all ECR events and other opportunities to showcase our solution
and attract clients. Participation in the previous ECR events in Russian Federation (2015 2017) and in Italy (2017) has attracted tremendous interest from the manufacturers and the
retailers alike. We had to put many negotiations on hold as we lacked resource to scale and
properly manage the new customers and pending the ICO completion.
џWe are a member of biggest retail association – NRF. We have not yet fully leveraged NRF
and we are confident that it presents significant opportunities for finding new clients.
џOur team consists from well-connected and well experienced consumer product retail

industry professionals, knowing how the big corporations operate and who and where to best
contact in order to get things going.
џAs we have been doing for the last 2 years - we will continue to participate in leading retail

events - CGF, ECR, NRF, FMA and others.

57

џWe plan to become the sponsor of CGF and ECR supply chain and AI activities.
џWe will continue participate in leading AI events.

B2C commercial strategies:
Through contracted retailers loyalty programs
PR campaign for various communities
Partnering up with B2C startups
By providing technologies and content for leading device manufacturers to enhance their
capabilities (Samsung, Apple)

OSA DC Corporate Structure
The corporate structure of OSA DC project includes the following companies:
OSA Decentralized Limited ("Company") is a business company incorporated in accordance
with the laws of the British Virgin Islands. The Company organizes and conducts a process of
the OSA tokens sale, will create the OSA tokens and distribute them to the community. The
Company will also contract with entities and agents for the development of the OSA platform
and its underlying software, as well as for marketing of the OSA DC ecosystem in order to foster
a community around it;
E.E.C. EXTRA ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION LIMITED is a business company
incorporated in Cyprus. Its purpose is to develop, operate and maintain the OSA platform and to
help foster a community around the OSA platform. This company will hold IP rights related to
the OSA platform and will issue licenses to the Company and other affiliates. Such assignment
of IP right to the separate entity will strengthen OSA corporate structure and eliminate risks
related to holding of IP rights.
It should be noted that the OSA DC project is intended to exist for a long-term period, that
means that the corporate structure and the companies' roles described above are not binding
for the OSA DC management team and can be restructured or adjusted if and when deemed
necessary.

Legal Status of OSA Tokens and OSA Coins
OSA Tokens and OSA Coins (the "Tokens") do not grant participation in the issuer (the
"Company") or its assets. The Tokens do not provide token holders with any ownership or
other interest in the Company. Acquisition of the Tokens does not present an exchange of
cryptocurrencies for any form of shares in the Company or the Company's assets, including
intellectual property. Token holders are not entitled to any guaranteed form of dividends,
revenue distributions, and voting rights.
The Tokens do not represent a loan to the Company. The Tokens neither debt instrument or
bonds of any kind nor any other form of loan advanced to the Company. Acquisition of the
Tokens, whether through the Token sale or otherwise, does not grant to Token holders any right
of claim on Company's financial or any other assets.
The Tokens are not securities in any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not constitute a
prospectus or offer document of any sort, is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a
solicitation for investment, does not pertain in any way to an initial public offering or a
share/equity offering, and does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any
jurisdiction. The Tokens are not intended to be marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold, or
traded in any jurisdiction where they are prohibited by applicable laws or require further

58

registration with any applicable governmental authorities. We do not recommend buying the
Tokens for speculative investment purposes.
The Tokens do not represent any other financial or investment instrument. In particular,
the Tokens are not and shall in no case be understood, deemed, interpreted or construed as: (I)
any form of financial derivatives; (II) any commercial paper or negotiable instrument; (III) any
form of investment contract between the relevant holder and any other person; (IV) any
commodity or asset that any person is obliged to redeem or purchase; (V) any note, debenture,
warrant or other certificate that entitles the holder to interest, dividend or any kind of return from
any person; (VI) the rights under the price difference (margin) contract or any other contract
whose purpose or its intended purpose is to ensure profit or avoid losses; or (VII) structural units
in the collective investment mechanism or in the institution of joint investment, including trusts
and investment funds.
The Tokens are not currencies in any jurisdiction. The Tokens are not currencies issued by
any central bank or national, supra-national or quasi-national organization, nor is it backed by
any hard assets or other credit.
The Tokens are non-refundable. Unless otherwise is provided by applicable legislation or
strictly set out in the legally binding documentation on sale of the Tokens, the Company is not
obliged to provide Token holders with a refund related to the Tokens for any reason, and Token
holders will not receive money or other compensation in lieu of the refund.

59

OSA Token Sale
OSA Token Explained
Figure 20. OSA Token Quick Fact
Token Name
Ticker
Website
Hard Cap USD
Minimum buy-in
Blockchain

Optimal Shelf Availability Token
OSA
www.osadc.io
$40 million
No limit
Ethereum (ERC20 token)

Hardcap is fixed in USD.
The distribution of OSA token is calculated weekly according to the ETH/USD rate, published on
kraken.com.
Tokens are minted at the end of the token sale in accordance with the hardcap.
Tokens that were allocated for the sale but weren't sold will be burned.
Up-to-date information related to the tokens issue is available on osadc.io in the OSA TOKEN section.

ETH-to-OSA rate during token sale

1 ETH = 3 000 OSA
On July 21st, we entered the public sale stage
of OSA token sale, and the token price was
raised to 3 000 OSA per 1 ETH

Accepted currencies:

ETH, BTC, LTC, BCH, ETC

Token Sale Roadmap
Figure 21. OSA Token Sale Roadmap
Date
March 20 - May 21, 2018

Event
Private Presale, Whitelist registration opened

May 21 - July 3, 2018

Public Presale

July 4 - July 20, 2018

Public Presale, Stage 2

July 21 - August 31, 2018

Public OSA Token Sale

30 days after the token sale ends*

Tokens distributed to contributors

*We reserve the right to extend the distribution of the tokens up to additional 30 calendar days, in
particular, in the case we deem necessary to conduct additional ALM and KYC checks in respect of
certain contributors.

60

Milestones
Figure 22. OSA Token Sale Milestones
Amount

$Mln
1,80

Financed from generated profit

Business
Expansion Plan

Token Sales
contribution

4,24

Purpose
Blockchain technology development & integration
IT and Data Science development to cover with service entire suppy chain

10,00

Master Product Data Catalogue fulfilment including Image Recognition model per product (Russia, 80 000 products)

13,60

Decentralized platform infrustructure development (Alpha version)

15,00

Enhance OSA HP functionality (App, ChatBot, New Interface, Voice Management)

22,20

Master Product Data Catalogue fulfilment including Image Recognition model per product (USA, 100 000 products)

25,60

Consumer Edition Alpha version

30,00

Business development USA, Korea, China, Japan

40,00

Master Product Data Catalogue fulfilment including Image Recognition model per product (Japan, China, Korea,138
000 products)

41,10

Catalogue infrustructure improvement

43,10

Blockсhain infrustructure furhter development (Smart Contracts and payments inside the OSA EcoSystem)

45,50

B2C applications infrustructure development

48,70

Product Rating system creation (based on Game Theory: consumer feedback, ingridients rating)

56,40

Decentralized platform infrustructure development

58,20

Marketing, promo, PR

69,00

Master Product Data Catalogue fulfilment including Image Recognition model per product ( 150 000 products)

76,20

AI Digital assistant B2B & B2C. Product tracebility functionality by ML

80,00

Enhance DataScience and IT teams

87,20

Product catalogue enlargement (100 000)

85,20

IP cameras functionality development for Image Recognition (IR) services

86,90

Image Recognition services enhancement

91,60

Augumented Reality (AR) fumctionality development and AR devices integration

98,60

International Machine Learning R&D center set up (fundamental science research) to develop AIaaS for consumers
and manufacturers

101,30

New AI services (Promo)

104,20

New AI services (Pricing)

106,20

New AI services (Assortment)

108,80

AI bockchain payment system development for Retail

120,00

Product catalogue enlargement (150 000)

126,00

Business development

132,00

Scale the business to UK

138,00

Scale the business to Singapore and Malasia

145,80

Scale the business to Japan and Korea

154,00

Israel, Canada, Australia

156,17

Marketing, promo, PR

161,47

Scale the business to Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Argentina)

166,17

Reward system development including prescripive analytics and recommendation engine

194,37

Scale the business to India

196,87

Scale the business to Africa region

203,17

AI suppliers contracting based on blockchain

61

Proceeds Distribution
Figure 23. OSA Token Sale Proceeds Distribution
39%

Product catalogue and image recognition development

21%

Core product development

18%

R&D

11%

Business development

3%

Team salary and advisor fees

8%

Marketing and promotion

Figure 24. OSA Token Distribution
22,5%

TOKEN SALE (Public)

22,5%

Business Expansion

17%

Partners & Advisors

15%

Team and Early Backers

6%

Retail Incentive

3%

Data Science Community Incentive

3%

R&D Incentive

3%

Legal and Finance

2%

Bounty

6%

Secure Fund & Vesting

22,5% of tokens allocated to contributors during the public pre-sale and public sale, including
bonuses accrued, will be locked for ten months following the token distribution. Upon the end of
each month following the token distribution, 10% of the locked tokens, including bonus tokens,
will be gradually released from the lock-up.
The remaining 77,5% of tokens will be locked for twelve months following the tokens distribution
and gradually unlocked during a 4 year period; during this time, tokens will be released every
twelve months. Of those, only 11,5% can be unlocked within the twelve months after the token
distribution to be spent on platform development needs--this is contingent on positive market
dynamics.
Tokens allocated to partners and advisors will be gradually unlocked starting the 2nd year after
tokens distribution according to individual agreements. Tokens allocated to team and early
backers will be locked for a period of 1 to 4 years with a gradual lock-out.
The number of Tokens released from the lock-up will correlate with the platform development
milestones and the growth of OSA's services.

62

Market Expansion Plan After the Token Sale
Figure 25. OSA Market Expansion Roadmap
2015

2016

January
April
October
November
July
August
October
November
January
July

2017

џ OSA Working group is formed by FMCG retail experts
џ Startup team creation
џ Partnerships with L'Oreal, Efes, JTI to implement OSA Hybrid Platform
џ First retail chain integration
џ Partnership with Coca-Cola to implement OSA Hybrid Platform
џ Proof of concept (POC) begins
џ Partnership with Danone to implement OSA Hybrid Platform
џ POC finished: 5.4% sales growth for our partner companies
џ Partnerships with Mars and SunInBev to implement OSA Hybrid Platform
џ Partnership with Neuromation
џ Partnership with DLA Piper for business support in the USA

August
September
October
November

џ Demo presentation to the VP of P&G global and to ECR Europe
џ Onboarding of new retail chains (Metro C&C, among others)
џ Company registration in the USA
џ Awarded 1st place at the Intercontinental Startup Battle in Silicon Valley
џ Awarded 2nd place at d10e in Davos, Switzerland
џ Selected as a Top-5 Project at Live Sharks Tank in San Francisco, CA

December

џ Demo presentation for Deloitte's head of global retail practices (followed by discussions for global

cooperation)
џ Workshop with ECR Czech and Tesco retail chain in Prague
џ OSA Hybrid Platform partners and integrates with 10 retail chains and 12 manufacturers

January
February

2018

џ Workshop with Economic Institute of France in Paris
џ Meetup with Double Chain
џ Meeting with Deloitte

March

џ USA office established in California
џ Awarded 1st place at d10e in Seoul, South Korea
џ Office setup in Korea

August
September
October

џ Token Sale
џ Business development team enhancement in USA
џ Office and business development team set up in China
џ AI & Blockchain labs workshops in Asian academic institutions

November
December

џ Office and business development team set up in Japan
џ Retailers approach for Proof Of Concept B2B solution in USA, China, Japan, Korea
џ AI & Blockchain labs workshops

2019

January
March
April
June
July
August

џ AI & Blockchain lab in Asia with top universities in region
џ Marketing of OSA decentralized in focus markets
џ POC in USA
џ POC in China
џ POC in Japan
џ POC in Korea
џ Further business expansion in USA and China
џ B2C solution marketing in USA and China

October
November

џ Further business expansion in Asia
џ Decentralized platform deployment and promotion in focus markets

63

Three focus areas:
1) Scaling the existing solution detailed in this white paper. Focus on solution integration in
the US, China, Korea, Japan and Russia.
2) Developing our technology to create AI as a service for end customers and businesses.
Delivery and in-store management of this service
3) Product information app to ensure that consumers are making healthy purchasing
decisions.

64

The OSA Team and Story
Our Strategy and Vision Lead, Maximilian Musselius, graduated from Lomonosov Moscow State
University. He speaks six languages and is the Executive Director of Efficient Consumer
Response (ECR) Russia. Max created one of the most successful ECR units in the world,
leading him to secure a position as the Co-chairman of ECR Europe. While leading ECR for the
last decade, Max developed and implemented EDI technology for the entire industry in his
region, launched the Master Data Catalog Initiative, and organized six annual conferences and
seven separate quarterly working groups.
Since 2008, Max has been tackling a challenge that plagues Russia’s retail industry more than
most: the understocking issue in organized retail that affected 19% of all product inventory (ECR
data), one of the worst in the world. In response to this, Max assembled a working group of
ECR members to launch a pilot to work towards a solution.
Among these members was Alex Isaiev, an ambitious FMCG veteran with over 17 years of
experience in a variety of roles, ranging from sales, to marketing, to supply chain management.
Alex was a key account manager at Japan Tobacco International at the time, searching for a
project that would serve as a hallmark for his midlife professional career.
The duo pitched their idea to Barry Leventhal, the internationally renowned data science expert.
Barry responded with suggestions on what technology the team should use. He also connected
Alex and Maximilian with a development team based in the Ukraine who had previously
approached him with a related product idea.
The Ukrainian team was an early stage startup, established by Yuri Dukhnich (Product Lead),
Oleksii Potapenko (AI Lead), Oleksii Bezruchenkov (Backend Lead) and Ihor Koval (Frontend
Lead). The project had excellent technology and product ideas to support it, but it lacked brand
name, sufficient funding, and a business development team. Luckily, Max and his ECR working
group had a budget, management experience, and connections to the world’s largest FMCG
brands. After a number of meetings, both teams decided to join their efforts.
At this point, the team had developed their minimum viable product (MVP) and started looking
for a retailer who would agree to launch a pilot. The first retail chain to bite was Perekrestok,
one of Russia’s leading retail chains. Denis Shulga, the Supply Chain Director of X5 Retail
Group, the managing company of Perekrestok, and Yuri Leonov, the Commercial Director of X5
at that time, helped to onboard OSA's MVP, to which all ECR members allocated a small
budget.
With the pilot's launch, it became clear that the new venture needed the full-time commitment of
its key founders. Max couldn't offer this dedication, for he was and still is committed to his
industry stewardship role at ECR Russia alongside his strategic role with OSA. On the contrary,
Alex decided not only to join full-time, but also to invest his personal funds into the company's
growth, thus cementing his role as the team's leader. The team is now financially self-sufficient,
while ECR, represented by Max Musselius, provides only strategic industry guidance.
After Perekrestok’s successful pilot in November 2016, other members of ECR approached the
OSA team to enquire about launching pilots for their own stores. At this time, the team decided
to explore the potential of optical recognition technology to solve inefficiencies in in-store
monitoring.
In 2017, the team reached out to Andrew Rabinovich, who developed computer vision and
machine learning algorithms for photo and video annotations at Google for roughly a decade.
When we reached out to collaborate, Andrew was working at Magic Leap and advising the AIblockchain startup Neuromation, helping to pioneer synthetic data as unique data-sets for deep

65

learning algorithms in optical recognition. Andrew then connected Alex and Max with
Neuromation’s founder, Maxim Prasolov.
This networking played in each party’s favor, as Neurmation ended up becoming the main
optical recognition service provider for OSA. Maxim Prasolov and his team also inspired Alex to
conduct a token sale for the OSA platform. Since 2016, Alex, Max and Yuri have looked to
blockchain as the technology to prevent data loss and forgery, two problems that continue to
negatively affect retail industries in developing countries. Unlike many ICOs that don’t have a
working product, OSA’s Hybrid Platform has already delivered tangible solutions to multiple
retailers. Given this success and the practical application of blockchain for supply chain
tracking and inventory management, it’s easy to justify OSA’s token sale and the function of its
blockchain ecosystem. Among other goals, the purpose of the token sale is to expand the OSA
team, business, and technology on a global scale.
In 2018, the team rebranded their project as the Optimal Shelf Availability Decentralized
Platform (or OSA DC) to reflect the new trend in the project’s development. Before this
rebranding, Ruslan Pyshnyi and Esther Katz joined as Strategy and Communications Lead and
Chief Communications Officer, respectively (Esther previously held this same position at
Neuromation).
Currently, OSA is onboarding five pilot integrations in Russia with METRO Cash & Carry, Magnit
Retail Russia, Dixi, Azbuka Vkusa, Verniy, X5 Retail Group.
During our product development, the team confronted three large scale crises. Each of these
enabled us to better understand our business, improve our product quality, and expand our
team.
The first crisis marked a gap between our business development and product development
teams. It became obvious that the tech team could improve its understanding of the nitty gritty
of business operations, while the business development team definitely needed to brush-up on
the product development side of things. As a result, we invested several months in swapping
expertise between teams and reinventing our product.
The second crisis led us to abolish our product planning’s release timeline. The market started
demanding faster reaction to its product requirements, so we ended up implementing Agile
sprints. This approach enabled us to adapt a more flexible product implementation that included
continuous customer feedback.
The third crisis demonstrated that our client’s needs are growing faster than our capacity to
implement solutions. This caused us to look at our product from a different angle, shifting from a
single product solution to the entire OSA platform. Within this platform, we concentrated our
efforts on improving infrastructure and key functions, leaving secondary features, such as IR, to
third parties. Blockchain has become a perfect instrument for enabling this infrastructure.

66

Why Does it Matter?
On an international scale, online retail is certainly becoming increasingly popular, and it’s
expected to eventually supercede offline retailers as the dominant model in the industry.
However, we expect traditional brick-and-mortar retailers to stick around longer than analysts
predict. Currently, offline retail attracts 91% of total retail sales volume, and even with the
16
advent of online alternatives, it continues to grow by an impressive 5% annually [Invesp] .
This growth is, in part, due to in-store shopping’s undoubtable advantages, ones that
consumers are not going to easily give up (would you, for instance, buy produce online if you
can’t look at, feel, and measure the quality of that produce?). A full list of in-store shopping
advantages are listed below:

Figure 26. Reasons consumers shop in stores instead of online
56%

I want to see/touch item first

55%

I want to try the item on

41%

Concerned products look different

34%

Delivery takes too long

25%

Shipping costs are too high

24%

Product is too valuable to buy online

23%

Enjoy the experience of going to the shops
I have to go to the shop anyway

16%

I want to verify the authenticity

15%

Touch/try product

Return process is too complicated

14%

Shipping

Do not trust online security
I want to talk to a salesperson

13%
11%

Enjoy experience
Other

Source: Global Online Customer Report, KPMG International, 2017

Nevertheless, modern technology is constantly reinventing a retail landscape that continues to
play a pivotal role in the daily lives of its customers. Like hyperloop city stations interwoven with
real-time data of modern cities, the new retail paradigm will provide ambient shopping
experiences assisted by cutting edge AI, IR, and machine learning technology.

67

Data engineering algorithms like OSA’s own will make sure customers enjoy instant and highly
relevant purchasing recommendations instead of mere advertisements. These
recommendations will be based on a customers individual profile, which they will voluntarily
submit. And they’ll do so not from force or manipulation, but because they trust the technology’s
developers and the ecosystem in which these services operate.
We are building the OSA Decentralized Platform with the philosophy of trust in mind. We
launched our project in 2017 after 3 years of researching our value proposition and working with
our pilot prototype. In 2016, our team’s collective experience and efforts culminated in our pilot
with one of Russia’s most respected retail networks, which was also sponsored by the world’s
most consumed FMCG brands. And we have even more retailers and vendors lined up to test
our technology.
Now, our only limitations are gathering the best data and technology available and hiring the
best engineering talent. Since major international technology corporations are also hiring in this
field with their multimillion dollar budgets, it’s hard to stay competitive. Nevertheless, we
managed to organize a unique team of developers and engineers who know their stuff--and
we’ve already built lasting solutions for leading retailers worldwide.
Our token sale is all about scaling. And we would like to use this opportunity to scale OSA not
only in relation to its budget; we also in relation to market vision and exposure of our project on
the global retail technology market. Just three years since its conception, our technology has
already outgrown its domestic market. Please help us to take our vision to the international
stage. We believe this journey will be fruitful to all involved, to both the OSA team and to you,
our respected reader and future community member.

Avanti con amore!

68

References
1. A. C. McKinnon, D. Mendes, Nababteh, M. In-store logistics: an analysis of on-shelf availability and
stockout responses for three product groups. International Journal of Logistics Research and
Applications. Volume 10, 2007 — Issue 3: Logistics Research Netwok Conference (LRN 2006).
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/13675560701478075
2. Daniel Corsten, Thomas Gruen, (2003) Desperately seeking shelf availability: an examination of the
extent, the causes, and the efforts to address retail out‐of‐stocks. International Journal of Retail &
Distribution Management, Vol. 31 Issue: 12. https://doi.org/10.1108/09590550310507731
3. Calvin Lee. Demand Chain Optimization: Pitfalls and Key Principles.
https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/sites/gsb/files/publication-pdf/white-paper-demand-chain-optimizationpitfalls-key-principles.pdf
4. Daniel Corsten, Thomas Gruen. Stock-Outs Cause Walkouts. https://hbr.org/2004/05/stock-outscause-walkouts
5. Fred Nickels. The 3 R’s of Retailing in the Digital Age. http://independentretailer.com/2016/05/11/the-3rs-of-retailing-in-the-digital-age
6. PwC. Achieving Total Retail: Consumer expectations driving the next retail business model.
http://download.pwc.com/ie/pubs/2014-pwc-ireland-achieving-total-retail.pdf
7. Gene Bodenheimer, Mitigating packaging damage in the supply chain.
http://www.packagingdigest.com/supply-chain/mitigating-packaging-damage-inthe-supplychain140910
8. Rick Lingle, Damaged packaging a potential source of serious revenue loss.
http://www.packagingdigest.com/packaging-design/damaged-packaging-potential-source-seriousrevenue-loss
9. McKinsey. The Age of Analytics: Competing in a data-driven world.
https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/McKinsey/Business%20Functions/McKinsey%20Analytics/Our%2
0Insights/The%20age%20of%20analytics%20Competing%20in%20a%20data%20driven%20world/M
GI-The-Age-of-Analytics-Full-report.ashx
10. Total retail sales worldwide from 2015 to 2020 (in trillion U.S. dollars) — Statista: The Statistics Portal
https://www.statista.com/statistics/443522/global-retail-sales
11. Kurt Kummerer. Average Customer Acquisition Cost By Industry http://kurtkummerer.com/customeracquisition-cost
12. The Future of Grocery by Nielsen
https://www.nielsen.com/content/dam/nielsenglobal/vn/docs/Reports/2015/Nielsen%20Global%20ECommerce%20and%20The%20New%20Retail%20Report%20APRIL%202015%20(Digital).pdf
13. Khalid Saleh, Global Online Retail Spending – Statistics and Trends
https://www.invespcro.com/blog/global-online-retail-spending-statistics-and-trends
14. Sören Auer, Christian Bizer, Georgi Kobilarov, Jens Lehmann, Richard Cyganiak, Zachary Ives.
DBpedia: A Nucleus for a Web of Open Data https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F978-3-54076298-0_52
15. Colin Wood, Open Data Market Is Growing, Study Says. http://www.govtech.com/data/Open-DataMarket-is-Growing-Study-Says.html
16. Invesp http://invespcro.com/blog/global-online-retail-spending-statistics-and-trend

69

List of the Figures
1. OSA Stakeholders Map

7

2. OSA Hybrid Platform Experts Panel from the ECR Community

13

3. Categorization of the Existing Retail Data Analysis Technology Ecosystems

13

4. Inspiring Projects in Retail Data Analysis Technology

14

5. Inspiring Blockchain Startups in Retail Data Analysis Technology

16

6. OSA Product Roadmap

23

7. The New Client Onboarding Process

24

8. In-Store Alert Lifecycle

28

9. Example of In-Store Alerts

29

10. Forecast Types

32

11. Forecast Creation Lifecycle

33

12. Deep Dive into the OSA Core

34

13. Screenshot of OSA Web-based End User interface

38

14. The Optical Recognition ‘Magic’ Explained

39

15. OSA Machine Learning Workflow

41

16. OSA Smart Contract Infrastructure

45

17. OSA Smart Contract Kit

48

18. Dynamic Remuneration. Apple Juice Packs Hypothetical Example

48

19. OSA Blockchain Fees Structure

49

20. OSA Token Quick Facts

60

21. OSA Token Sale Roadmap

60

22. OSA Token Sale Milestones

61

23. OSA Token Sale Proceeds Distribution

62

24. OSA Token Distribution

62

25. OSA Market Expansion Roadmap

63

26. Reasons consumers shop in stores instead of online

67

70

