SwiftCash v2.0.1
Decentralized Governance and
Economy

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 1

Introduction
SwiftCash is an open-source, self-funded system of decentralized governance and economy born
out of a desire to create a digital store of value with a consistent and stable growth model, as well
as a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency for daily transactional use. SwiftCash uses the revolutionary
Proof-of-Stake algorithm to reach consensus and allows up to 70% of future block rewards to be
spent on proposals that are embraced by the community — stakeholders. Therefore, 30% of
maximum monthly inflation goes directly to stakeholders who help secure the network, and
whether the rest is mined or how it’s spent will also be decided by the stakeholders.
The revolutionary Proof-of-Stake algorithm offers a solution to the problem posed by the
exponential increase in energy consumed by Bitcoin, and other Proof-of-Work cryptocurrencies.
Proof-of-Work mining is environmentally unsustainable due to the electricity used by
high-powered mining hardware and anyone with 51% hash power can double spend. SwiftCash
utilizes the green protocol, an energy-efficient Proof-of-Stake algorithm, inspired by Bitcoin
Green, and originally developed by Peercoin developers, can be mined on any computer, and will
never require specialized mining equipment. The green protocol offers a simple solution to
sustainability issues posed by Bitcoin and other Proof-of-Work cryptocurrencies, and provides a
faster, more scalable blockchain that is better suited for daily transactional use.
Mining - The superiority of PoS over PoW
A lot of Proof-of-Work cryptocurrencies have come under what is known as 51% attacks, since
their invention. These attacks are possible only when the exploiter can acquire more than half of
the network’s hash power, often by renting this power from online businesses such as nicehash.
One common solution to these attacks on Proof-of-Work networks is to centralize the mining of
blocks. In this method, miners are required to sign each block with a private key that is issued by
central authorities, such as the developers. Proof-of-Stake mining on the other hand, which is also
known as staking, is fully decentralized. Anyone with a stake in the blockchain can try to find and
register new blocks, and a 51% attack is going to require the attacker to acquire 51% of the active
stake that is online and is trying to find new blocks.
Therefore, the more stakeholders participate in mining/staking, the more secure the network
becomes, as the cost of an attack increases. This is reflected in what is known as the difficulty.
With Proof-of-Work mining, the attackers can invest in a strong mining infrastructure once, and
use it to attack as many Proof-of-Work blockchains as they want, whereas with Proof-of-Stake
mining, also known as staking or minting, the attackers will have to invest in each blockchain
individually, and each time they attack a blockchain, they also attack their own investment!
Another thing that makes Proof-of-Stake mining a better solution, is saving money on energy
costs and being friendly to the environment. To give an example of how extraordinary the
difference is, it might be noteworthy to point out that Bitcoin mining for example, at the time of
writing this, consumes more electricity a year than the whole country of Ireland! And last but not
least, the revolutionary Proof-of-Stake algorithm gives the inflation to stakeholders rather than
third-party miners, who may or may not be invested in the blockchain.

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 2

Technical Specifications
Block Time: 1 minute
Difficulty Adjustment Timespan: 40 blocks
Difficulty Adjustment Interval: Every block
Algorithm: Keccak
Maximum Supply: 5,000,000,000
Maximum Block Rewards: (20×200×525600)÷(20×525600+blockHeight)
Minimum Block Rewards: (20×60×525600)÷(20×525600+blockHeight)
Distribution: SwiftNodes: 20%, PoS Miners; 10%, SwiftRewards: 10%, Budget: 60%
Proposal Fee: 100 SWIFT
Budget Fee: 10 SWIFT

Initial Distribution
SwiftCash has a unique initial distribution which was originally forkdrops on most SmartCash
addresses, with filters targeting problematic ones such as huge amounts of centralized budgets
controlled by the hives or core teams, and their direct down streams, as well as known exchanges,
hackers and exploiters. This let us start with appx. 300 million coins out of which only 1 million
was set aside for funding the initial development. For more information about the filtering
criterias used, please refer to the first edition of the whitepaper.
Almost 14 days after launch, we realized a known SmartCash exploiter had more than 1000
addresses with over 16 million coins in forkdrops. The community acted quickly and through a
fork/reset, we managed to remove these coins from circulation. Appx. 3 months after this
fork/reset, we noticed that more than 75% of the forkdrops had not yet been touched. This was
having a tremendous effect on the inflation of claimed forkdrops, which were far more than what
we had originally anticipated, due to more than 75% of the supply not participating. A proposal
was introduced, and active stakeholders voted to put a deadline for forkdrops to be claimed and to
reset the chain at the end of the deadline, and to remove unclaimed forkdrops, and to also slash
the inflation by 60%. The final fork/reset caused us to start with appx. 78 million coins, which was
less than 2% of the maximum supply.
Decentralized Governance
SwiftCash uses a decentralized system of governance to reach consensus about the direction and
scope of development, support and outreach activities. Higher stake will have higher voting power
and so this way, all key decisions will ultimately be made by active stakeholders. In order to be
able to vote, stakeholders need to setup and maintain a SwiftNode, also known as a Masternode.
SwiftNodes require 50K SWIFT, plus a VPS, as well as a unique IPv4 address.
Our vision of governance is that proposals can even be submitted to hard fork the main chain, and
if enough stakeholders vote yes, who should stand in their way? After all, the blockchain belongs
to stakeholders and therefore, it is crucial for stakeholders to continue to be actively involved in
key decisions by voting ​yes​, ​no or ​abstain to proposals. Unlike some projects, we do not have any

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 3

hard-coded address that is going to continually get paid, no matter what. Each payment from the
community treasuries needs approval from stakeholders through proposals and onchain voting.
That includes the developers, admins and anyone else involved in the community. Everyone has to
go through the same process to get paid anything from the treasuries. Stakeholders will have the
final say at the end of the day, and will hire and fire contractors as pleased.
A maximum of 70% of our theoretical block rewards are set aside for budgeting, out of which 10%
are set aside for SwiftRewards. If the total budget is used every month, maximum supply of 5
billion coins will reach in about 185 years. However, we think this is an extremely unlikely
scenario. The more likely scenario will be that at least about 30-40% of the theoretical block
rewards will turn into future reserves, which means that it will take us more than 500 years to run
out of block rewards, and rely on fees and donations only.
Proposals & Budgets
The cost for submitting a proposal is 100 SWIFT and once a proposal passes, 10 SWIFT will be
required to finalize the budget in the blockchain, so that passed proposals can get paid in the next
superblock. Superblocks are a few blocks, in which proposals that have passed get paid, and this
happens every 43,200 block or appx. every month. Proposals need to be on chain for at least 10
days before they can be finalized and get paid.
Finalization happens 2 days before each superblock; so deadline for submission of any proposal to
get paid from a particular superblock is 17,280 blocks or appx. 12 days before each superblock.
Each proposal can only ask for a maximum of 20% of the maximum monthly budget. In case there
are more winning proposals than the maximum available budget, proposals with more votes will
be finalized and get paid. Each proposal will need a minimum of 10% of the network in yes
votes(Yeas), minus no votes(Nays), in order to pass. That means if there are 1,000 SwiftNodes, a
proposal will need at least 100 Yeas vs. 0 Nays, or 150 Yeas vs. 50 Nays in case of a 20%
participation rate. Therefore, the lower the participation rate, the more the required passing
point. This means that in case of 100% participation, required passing point will be 55%, whereas
in case of 10% participation, which is the minimum participation rate required for any proposal to
pass, required passing point will be 100%. That is to say if only 10% participate, everyone who
participates must vote yes for the proposal to pass.
Due to the nature of continuously diminishing block rewards and its effect on the markets, only a
maximum of 3 payments per proposal can be asked for. Longer-term proposals will need to be
re-submitted every 3 months; votes can be updated one hour after each submission, and that
includes votes on proposals that have already passed and got paid once or more. Furthermore, a
URL must be attached while submitting a proposal, which should include the details of the
proposal. The recommended platform for the details of proposals and also any pre-proposal is the
STEEM blockchain which is not only independent from SwiftCash, but also decentralized and
resistant towards censorship. Recommended hashtags for SwiftCash proposals and pre-proposals
are #swiftproposal and #swiftpreproposal respectively.

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 4

SwiftRewards — Beating the Bears
The idea behind SwiftRewards is a way to not only help stabilize the price, but to also reward
long-term holders, in case price depreciates. The more price depreciates, the more rewards would
holders receive. If however price does not depreciate, there would be no airdrops on holders.
Minimum required balance to be eligible for SwiftRewards will be 1,000 SWIFT, and any outgoing
transaction from an address during any snapshot will disqualify that address, unless it’s a
Proof-of-Stake transaction, or all of the value taken, is returned to the address in the same
transaction. In this case, up to 0.005 SWIFT is covered for fees and if the transaction fee is greater
than 0.005 SWIFT, it can be covered via an extra input from an address that is already disqualified.
This is pretty useful if a SwiftNode owner wants to stake the rewards of their SwiftNode in one
collateral. Last but not least, in order to filter zombie addresses, only addresses are rewarded that
have had at least one valid transaction during the specified snapshot. This can happen
automatically, in case the address stakes or has an active SwiftNode collateral during the
snapshot. There will be 4 tiers for SwiftRewards:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Tier
Tier
Tier
Tier

1:
2:
3:
4:

Every
Every
Every
Every

43,800 block - appx. 1 month
131,400 block - appx. 3 months
262,800 block - appx. 6 months
525,600 block - appx. 12 months

As a result, there would be one possible airdrop each month, two possible airdrops every three
months, three possible airdrops every six months and four possible airdrops every twelve months.
As mentioned above, those who hold longer, would be rewarded more, if price depreciates; and
the more price depreciates, the more rewards will be dropped on holders! These airdrops will be
done by community ambassadors via a multisig address and the required funds and elected
ambassadors will need to gain approval from stakeholders via a proposal. SwiftRewards will be a
maximum of 4%, 3%, 2% and 1% of block rewards for tier 1, 2, 3 and 4 respectively - i.e. a maximum
total of 10% of future block rewards.
For tier 1, each 1% drop in the average price from the start of the snapshot to the end, results in
0.08% of future block rewards being dropped on holders. First snapshot for each tier begins one
snapshot late to make things fair to the future adopters. That means, first snapshot for tier 1 will
start at block 43,800 while the first snapshot for tier 4 will start at block 525,600. To give an
example, if the average price is recorded as 0.10 USD at block 43,800 and then becomes 0.075 USD
by block 87,600, holders will receive 2% of the block rewards during that period. That is 25 times
0.08% due to 25% drop in the average price. Price drops of more than 50% will not affect the
amount of airdrop, since maximum amount of available coins to airdrop will be reached.
Block Rewards & Inflation
Block rewards are set to be only 15 SWIFT per block up to block 10,000. This is to make the
launch fair and give the community about one week to set up their wallets for staking and/or
servers for SwiftNodes. From block 10,000 rewards will start with 200 SWIFT per block
theoretically, but only 30% of this amount will be mined every block, which will be split between

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 5

SwiftNodoes and PoS miners, with a ratio of 2 to 1. The rest of the theoretical block rewards are
set aside for budgeting, and will only be mined on demand via proposals, should enough
stakeholders or SwiftNode owners to be specific, vote yes.
Block rewards are set to fall gradually to zero and the gradual curve is very slow and becomes even
slower as time goes by. It will take 20 years for block rewards to halve for the first time; second
halving will take an additional 40 years, third halving will take an additional 80 years, and so on
and on. This gives us a maximum inflation of appx. 120% in the first year, 54% in the second year,
and so forth. Maximum inflation however is most likely not going to occur due to unused
treasuries which turn into future reserves.
Furthermore, as an example, Bitcoin has mined over 80% of its maximum supply in less than 12
years, and SmartCash has mined about 40% of its maximum supply within 18 months, while if we
consistently use the whole budget, which is very unlikely as explained above, it is going to take us
30 years to reach 40% of our maximum supply! That is great news for future adopters and we do
this because we have a long-term goal; what we want is a decentralized cryptocurrency and
economy to benefit everyone in the world in decades to come, not a pump and dump ponzi
scheme. Having said that, the following chart depicts the annual inflation of SwiftCash within the
first 17 years, with the assumption that 30% of the theoretical block rewards will turn into future
reserves due to unused treasuries. As depicted below, annual inflation in the first year would be
about 90%, and would then reach about 2% in the 17th year.

SwiftCash monetary base with the same assumption that 30% of the theoretical block rewards
should turn into future reserves, will look like below. As it can be seen, it will take us more than
500 years to reach our maximum supply of 5 billion coins.

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 6

In order to get an insight into how slow our block rewards are going to decrease, we can have a
look at the following chart which depicts the SwiftNode rewards in the first 60 years. As it can be
seen, SwiftNodes will initially get about 40 SWIFT per block, and by the end of the 60th year, they
will be getting about 10 SWIFT per block. The radically slow curve is designed by intention to not
only stabilize the price as we grow, but to also decentralize the distribution of block rewards by
making inflation fairer to future adopters, compared to most cryptocurrencies out there.

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 7

Copyright © SwiftCash Developers
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.
THE SWIFTCASH SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE
OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Website & Social Media:
Website: ​https://swiftcash.cc
Facebook: h
​ ttps://www.facebook.com/swiftcashcc
Github: h
​ ttps://github.com/swiftcashproject
Twitter: ​https://twitter.com/swiftcashcc
Telegram: ​https://t.me/swiftcashcc
Discord: ​http://discord.swiftcash.cc
STEEM: h
​ ttps://steemit.com/@swiftcash
Relevant Tools:
Block Explorer: h
​ ttps://explorer.swiftcash.cc/
Wallets(Windows, Mac, and Linux): ​https://swiftcash.cc/wallets.html
Web/Mobile Wallet: ​https://wallet.swiftcash.cc/
Coingecko: h
​ ttps://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/swiftcash
MNTrend: ​https://mntrend.com/en/currencies/SWIFT
MasterNodeCap: ​https://masternodecap.com/coins/SWIFT
MNO: ​https://masternodes.online/currencies/SWIFT/
Exchanges:
https://wallet.escodex.com/market/ESCODEX.SWIFT_ESCODEX.BTC
https://crex24.com/exchange/SWIFT-BTC

SwiftCash whitepaper - v2.0.1 - Page 8

