Afin Coin

The Diverse and Powerful Utility Token with Co-Blockchain

DISCLAIMERS
IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED "DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY",
"NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES", "REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU",
"CAUTIONARY

NOTE

ON

FORWARD-LOOKING

STATEMENTS",

"MARKET

AND

INDUSTRY

INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS", "NO ADVICE", "NO FURTHER
INFORMATION OR UPDATE", "RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION", "NO OFFER
OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION" AND "RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES" CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR
LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
The Afin Coin tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper
does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to
constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any
solicitation of any offer by the distributor/vendor of the Afin Coin tokens (the "Distributor") to
purchase any Afin Coin tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form
the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.
The Distributor will be Asian Fintech Pte. Ltd. ("Asian Fintech") and will deploy all proceeds of
sale of the Afin Coin tokens to fund Asian Fintech’s projects, businesses and operations.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the
sale and purchase of the Afin Coin tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is
to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.
Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale
and purchase, of Afin Coin tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only
a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "T&Cs") of such agreement. In
the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall
prevail.
You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any Afin Coin tokens in the Asian Fintech
Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or
otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements
or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor and their
respective businesses and operations, the Afin Coin tokens, the Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale
and the Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper).

This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to
any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including
this section and the following sections entitled "Disclaimer of Liability", "No Representations and
Warranties", "Representations and Warranties By You", "Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking
Statements", "Market and Industry Information and No Consent of Other Persons", "Terms Used",
"No Advice", "No Further Information or Update", "Restrictions On Distribution and
Dissemination", "No Offer of Securities Or Registration" and "Risks and Uncertainties".
A.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Asian Fintech
and/or the Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or
other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of
revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
B.

NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims,
any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person,
including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and
completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.
C.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU

By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part
thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to Asian Fintech and/or the
Distributor as follows:
(a)

you agree and acknowledge that the Afin Coin tokens do not constitute securities in

any form in any jurisdiction;
(b)

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or

offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any
jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are not bound to enter into any
contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to
be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;
(c)

you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved

of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the
laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with;
(d)

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the

completion of the Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale, or future trading of the Afin Coin tokens on
any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an

i

indication of the merits of the Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor, the Afin Coin tokens, the
Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale and the Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in this
Whitepaper);
(e)

the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy

thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable
laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession
are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own
expense and without liability to Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor;
(f)

you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any Afin

Coin tokens, the Afin Coin tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:
(i)

any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;

(ii)

debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Asian Fintech

and/or the Distributor)
(iii)

rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;

(iv)

rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or

pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;
(v)

units in a collective investment scheme;

(vi)

units in a business trust;

(vii)

derivatives of units in a business trust; or

(viii)

any other security or class of securities.

(g)

you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any Afin

Coin tokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United
States of America;
(h)

you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage,

storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies,
blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage
mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;
(i)

you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any

Afin Coin tokens, there are risks associated with Asian Fintech and the Distributor and their
respective business and operations, the Afin Coin tokens, the Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale
and the Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper);
(j)

you agree and acknowledge that neither Asian Fintech nor the Distributor is liable for

any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or
otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or
data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper
or any part thereof by you; and

i

(k)

all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and

nonmisleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).
D.

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Asian Fintech and/or the
Distributor or their respective directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of
Asian Fintech or the Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact,
constitute "forward-looking statements". Some of these statements can be identified by
forward-looking terms such as "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate",
"expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" or
other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forwardlooking statements. All statements regarding Asian Fintech’s and/or the Distributor’s financial
position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which
Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements, including but not limited to statements as to Asian Fintech’s and/or the Distributor’s
revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other
matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor are matters
that are not historic facts, but only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Asian
Fintech and/or the Distributor to be materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These
factors include, amongst others:
(a)

changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions,

and the regulatory environment in the countries in which Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor
conducts its respective businesses and operations;
(b)

the risk that Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute or

implement their respective business strategies and future plans;
(c)

changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;

(d)

changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Asian

Fintech and/or the Distributor;
(e)

changes in the availability and fees payable to Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor in

connection with their respective businesses and operations;
(f)

changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Asian

Fintech and/or the Distributor to operate their respective businesses and operations;
(g)

changes in preferences of customers of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor;

i

(h)

changes in competitive conditions under which Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor

operate, and the ability of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor to compete under such
conditions;
(i)

changes in the future capital needs of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor and the

availability of financing and capital to fund such needs;
(j)

war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

(k)

occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the

businesses and/or operations of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor;
(l)

other factors beyond the control of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor; and

(m)

any risk and uncertainties associated with Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor and their

businesses and operations, the Afin Coin tokens, the Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale and the
Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor
or persons acting on behalf of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor are expressly qualified in
their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual
future results, performance or achievements of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor to be
materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper.
Neither Asian Fintech, the Distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or
undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of Asian Fintech
and/or the Distributor will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual
results, performance or achievements of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward looking statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor.
Further, Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those
forward looking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking
statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information
becomes available or other events occur in the future.
E.

MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS

This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been
obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market
research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports,
studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that
the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but
there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included information.

i

Save for Asian Fintech, the Distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and
employees, no person has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or
other information attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in connection
therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to
be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such
persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
While Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the
information is extracted accurately and in its proper context, Asian Fintech and/or the
Distributor have not conducted any independent review of the information extracted from
third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained
the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither Asian
Fintech, the Distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting
on their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of
such information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
F.

TERMS USED

To facilitate a better understanding of the Afin Coin tokens being offered for purchase by the
Distributor, and the businesses and operations of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor, certain
technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have
been used in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be
treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry
meanings or usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and
words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and
neuter genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.
G.

NO ADVICE

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax
advice regarding Asian Fintech, the Distributor, the Afin Coin tokens, the Asian Fintech Initial
Token Sale and the Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should
consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding Asian Fintech
and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the Afin Coin tokens, the
Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale and the Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in the
Whitepaper). You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any
purchase of Afin Coin tokens for an indefinite period of time.
H.

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained
in this Whitepaper in connection with Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor and their respective
businesses and operations, the Afin Coin tokens, the Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale and the
Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given, such information or

i

representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of Asian
Fintech and/or the Distributor. The Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale (as referred to in the
Whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or
create any suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or development
reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Asian
Fintech and/or the Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in this
Whitepaper since the date hereof.
I.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or
restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where
any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which
are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be)
at your own expense and without liability to Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor.
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided
access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any
other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained
herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
J.

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not
intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any
jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and
no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.
Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of Afin Coin tokens (as referred to in this
Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such agreement and no other document.
In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall
prevail.
You are not eligible to purchase any Afin Coin tokens in the Asian Fintech Initial Token Sale (as
referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card
holder of the United States of America.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements
or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.

i

K.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Prospective purchasers of Afin Coin tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully
consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Asian Fintech, the Distributor
and their respective businesses and operations, the Afin Coin tokens, the Asian Fintech Initial
Token Sale and the Asian Fintech Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information
set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of Afin Coin tokens. If any of such
risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects of Asian Fintech and/or the Distributor could be materially and
adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the Afin Coin tokens.

i

ASIAN FINTECH

The New technology:

Co-Blockchain

Executive Summary

Asian Fintech (Afin) provide online business platform for various business entrepreneurs
and companies and bring them on Blockchain platform to applications for business
platforms in those fields..
Afin will provide “Afin online Platform” to facilitate trade and negotiation between
business entrepreneur and companies from various countries, also enhance the
connectivity, and provide accurate and up to date information and data on a fast
track.
Afin is incorporating Blockchain technology to expand and diversify the business of Afin
and its partners. It is cost effective and convenient for both the sellers and the buyers.
Afin currency is prepared to support the digital world as a premier medium of
exchange.
Afin will use the main Blockchain system, Token based Ethereum ERC-20, which is called
Afin coin, which will be the primary token for coin holder’s usage and trading in the
Exchange Market.
But due to the use of transactions on the transfer, there are some problems as other
tokens in the market. Price volatility, transfer and confirmation speed , also high usage
fees.
Afin has also made a special Token from the Blockchain development of the Stellar
Protocol, which will be used in parallel with the Afin, using the name AfinS, which is
efficient Token in term of transfer Fee, Speed. And it is a Stable Token that is fixed or
almost fixed, which can solve problems of price volatility with the use of Cryptocurrency
In the general market, which Afin coin holders want to use with AfinS, they are able to
exchange themselves from Afin Blockchain system for convenience and maximum
efficiency.

It’s “ Co-Blockchain System “
i

TABLE OF CONTENTS
CONTENTS
Executive summary
Problem and Challenges
Introduction
Afin Creating the Solution and Opportunities
Afin Focus
Afin Coin with Co-Blockchain system
Afin Coin
AfinS Coin
The outcome of Co-Blockchain system
Advantages of Afin on Co-Chain Architecture ERC-20 / SCP
Exchange or Swap rate between Afin and AfinS
The Waves of Afin Token
Afin Road Map
Afin Symbol and Initial information
Supply and Distribution of Afin Coin
Distribution Overview
Afin Pricing
Usage of Fund from 1st Wave of Afin Token
Afin Blockchain Technology
Afin Auction Platform
Wellness Reservation Platform
Afin Crypto Mining Management platform
Conclusions
References

PAGE
i
1
1
2
2
5
5
7
7
8
8
9
11
12
12
14
15
16
17
18
30
44
49
50

LIST OF FIGURES
1
2
3

Exchange or Swap rate between Afin and AfinS
Blockchain Payment Comparison
The waves of Afin Token

8
9
10

4
5
6
7

Afin Road Map
Token Details
Distribution of Afin Coin
ICO Price and Schedule

11
12
13
15

8

Usage of Fund generated from 1st Wave of Afin Token

16

Auction Platform with Blockchain Benefits
Example of Auction
Afin Auction Program
Afin Auction Procedure with smart contract
Thailand car production from 2009 to 2016 (1)
Thailand car production from 2009 to 2016 (2)
Afin Core Values
Afin Auction Module
Afin Auction Model
Global Market for Public Auction sales 2007-2017 (US$ in Billion)
Global Wellness Economy

19
20
21
22
23
24
25
25
25
28
30

9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19

PROBLEM AND CHALLENGES
Blockchain technology is the infrastructure underlying the digital currencies
that elated revolutionized and could disrupted the traditional and modern
financial system [1, 2]. It decentralized the business ledger for substantiating
and recording the financial transactions. Yet, there is no standard digital
currencies to be applied in exchanging the values in day-to-day lives of
common people. It lacks to attract the common and mass consumers as
well as lacking in architectural capacities and capabilities in replacing the
current financial transaction.
Besides buying goods and services from the market with digital currency is
also very limited. Congruently, the investors engaged in digital currencies
normally get bewildered in digital transaction. As a result, platform of digital
currencies, a decentralized financial solution remained very challenging,
and centralized solutions of financial system continue to dictate the
financial market. Afin to covenant with the above challenges of digital
currencies and provide easy exchanging values and information of digital
currency with the blockchain technology infrastructure.
INTRODUCTION
In the age of dynamic business environment, technological progress has
accelerated investment opportunity intensively, thus it is time to capitalize
in this digital world of rapid change. Asian Fintech (Afin) is currently
partnering with business groups and entrepreneurs in Asia who are having
a high profit potential using various business strategies in accordance with
the world market condition in this technological era.

1

Afin headquarter is located in Marina Bay, the financial center of
Singapore. Singapore remains to be the Asian Tiger and Financial Hub of all
Asia. Singapore is also the digital hub of Asia.
AFIN CREATING THE SOLUTION AND OPPORTUNITIES
Afin strongly believe that the digital currency (cryptocurrency) is the 21st
century’s currency to mobilized global economy in a different level of
business transaction. The traditional regulated economy will and beginning
to grasp the notions of decentralization and unhindered trade.
Afin is digital currency as a utility token into reality to mass consumers,
provide the opportunities to mass consumers in digital currency platform.
Afin to co-operative for allowing mass consumer to trade on Afin digital
currency platform easily by Afin’s:
1. Speediness: process millions of transactions and accommodating
millions of active users and applications;
2. Friendly interfaces:

easy to buy, store, transfer and user friendly

decentralized apps;
3. Exponential growth: involved in user base that promotes critical mass
consumers/users to cultivate the ecosystem and adopted by millions of
users.
AFIN FOCUS
Afin will focus on the business platform to make use of Afin coin as an
intermediary to access and use which are widespread and beneficial to
both the recipient and the user. Including those involved.

2

The focus is also on the problems and obstacles in actual use, where others
are experiencing problems in order to the actual use of Afin coin is most
effective.
Afin has established its own business platform and co-operation with others
platform for both the short and long term in order to keep up with the
changing dynamic business environment in the current worldwide market.
Afin will apply blockchain technology while expanding and diversifying the
businesses of Afin’s business partners. It is cost effective and convenient for
both the sellers and buyers. All information when using Blockchain is
transparent and accurate as it cannot be changed or modified. All systems
are highly reliable and highly automated. The Smart Contract reduces the
time spent managing legal documents reducing legal and regulatory steps.
The system is more secure and cannot be altered or tampered with when
sharing the information between multiple agencies. Systems work more
efficiently. Corruption in a system using block chain technology would be
much more difficult.
Afin aims to create an online business platform in various business
entrepreneurs and groups to be diversified portfolio and opportune with the
Afin Blockchain platform usages for their business applications in their own
business fields. Applying and using the Blockchain platform will further
enhance and maximized the business performance. The platform will serve
safe and secure money transaction and also proper documentations and
ledgering with the trust plus statistical analysis data in their respective
business fields.
Afin will provide “Afin online Trading Platform” to facilitate trade and
negotiation between countries, to enhance and strengthen connectivity as

3

well as provide accurate and up to date information and data on a fast
track. Consequently, the future of international trade will become faster
and more convenient.
Afin coins are not part of share or respond on Asian Fintech’s operation and
management.
Afin coins can be used to access the business platform and / or in order to
pay or transfer for goods or services on the Asian Fintech (Afin) ‘s Business
Blockchain platforms or Others’ Business platform which apply on Afin
Blockchain platform including which accept Afin coin to be media of
payment.
These may be additional privileges such as discounts, premiums, or other
items as per the specific product or service on each Platform, or may
receive products and services as soon as Afin coin is held.
In addition, Afin to create innovative technology models which is CoBlockchain system. Thus, Afin coin will be use as Utility token at on most
efficient. Consequently, the Afin currency is prepared to support the digital
world as the medium of exchange.
“Cryptocurrency is a medium of exchange, created and stored
electronically, using encryption techniques to control the creation of
monetary units and to verify the transfer of funds” (PWC, 2015) [7].

4

Afin Coin with Co-Blockchain system
All digital transactions have a record in the blocks of a blockchain. The
cryptocurrency first appeared in January 2009. This was creation of a
computer programmer using the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto. In some
countries, policies are being created to regulate Crypto currency [6]. Afin
Coin is digital currency (blockchain based cryptocurrency), where
encryption techniques are used to transfer funds globally. Afin coin is the
utility token. Utility token is easily transferred athwart the network and traded
on cryptocurrency exchanges, can serve a multitude of diverse functions,
from giving holders access to a service to entitling them to company
payments.
Afin has developed a co-chain system that has resulted in Afin currency
being split into two currencies: Afin and AfinS.
Co-Chain is derived from the word.. Co-Blockchain. Made from more than
one type of blogging to coordinate and work together. Because each
block type. There are a number of advantages and disadvantages to the
concept of a blog. Come work with another kind. To help make the most
of one type of blogging. Eliminate the disadvantages of another type of
blogging. Make the system more efficient
Afin has developed Co-Chain as well. The ERC-20 was used for the major
currency, Afin Coin. And chose the SCP standard for the AfinS Coin, which
is a secondary currency. Details are as follows.
Afin Coin can be obtained from ICO funds or exchanged on the Ethereum
Request for Comment 20 (Ethereum Request for Comment 20), which can
be exchanged for speculation on a popular board.

5

How to get Afin Coin
- Through ICO
- Use other types of coins Via the exchange market
- Use cash exchange Via e-wallet provider
- Use the AfinS coins exchanged via the Afin Wallet management page.
- Received from other Afin users.
Utilization of Afin Coin
- Exchange to make a profit on the exchange and transfer to others.
- As Utility Token use in Afin Platforms and and Co-operate Platforms.
- Used to exchange AfinS Coin. The amount of AfinS Coin to be paid
depends on the current value of Afin Coin at the rate of 1 USD per 100
AfinS Coin. (This is assumption to fix value of AfinS )
Advantages of the coin in ERC-20
- Under the structure of the coin, Ethereum, which is the second most
recognized medal in the world after Bitcoin, has developed consistently.
can grow much more.
- Transparent, reliable, You can check the Smart Contract as well as the
history and movement of all Afin Coin coins (eg, web check. etherscan.io)
- Volatility of value in the same way, Bitcoin coins can be exchanged for
profit (or loss) on the Crypto Trading Exchange market.
Disadvantage of the coin of the ERC-20 standard
- There is a fee that does not suit Micro-transaction (too expensive fee)
- Takes a long time to complete the transaction. It may take up around to
15-20 minutes.
- Volatility of value in the same way, Bitcoin coins make it unsuitable for
use. Because of the uncertain and variable value at any time.

6

AfinS Coin is a derivative of Afin developed in accordance with the Stellar
Consensus Protocol (SCP). We use this standard to develop AfinS Coin to
be “Stable Coin” and to eliminate the disadvantages of the ERC-20 coin.
AfinS Coin can be obtained through the exchange of Afin Coin medallions
through the user's wallet management page. The AfinS Coin can be used
to purchase and sell Afin platforms. Other Services Acceptance
If the Afin Coin is the same as the AfinS savings account, it is comparable
to the banknote. You can use it directly with most effectively.
How to get AfinS Coin
- From receiving payments with AfinS
- Use Afin coins exchanged via Afin Wallet management page.
Utilization of AfinS Coin
- Pay on Platforms of Afin Platforms
- Get money / transfer money to other Afin users.
- Apply to Afin Coin. The amount of Afin Coin to be paid depends on the
current value of Afin Coin at a rate of 1 USD per 100 AfinS Coin.
Advantages of AfinS Coin According to SCP Standards
- No fee. Good for Micro-transaction
- Under the SCP standards which had been accepted around the world.
- Stable value, easy to accept in term of real business transaction.
- Make a transaction in 3-5 minutes, faster than the ERC-20 standard.
- A public restful API can be developed to quickly connect to Afin.
Disadvantages of AfinS Coin According to SCP Standards
- It is still takes time as usual to exchange between Afin Coin to AfinS.
- Cannot be traded on Trading Exchange for speculation.
The outcome of Co-Blockchain system
As a result of Afin's Co-Chain system, Afin has the ability to utilize a variety
of functions. Both exchanges for speculation. The money spent instead. It

7

is safe. It can also be used to develop software to connect. To expand
the service quickly.
Advantages of Afin on Co-Chain Architecture ERC-20 / SCP
- It is safe, transparent and verifiable.
- Afin Coin can be traded or exchanged to make a profit (or loss) on the
Crypto Trading Exchange market when Afin coin is listed up.
- AfinS Coin can be used at on most efficiency in real transaction.
- There is very low fee to spend or use in transaction.
- High speed transaction.
- A public restful API can be developed to quickly connect to Afin.
Figure 1

Exchange or Swap rate between Afin and AfinS
The conversion rate between Afin and AfinS depends on Afin's market price.
For example, if the Afin price is USD 1, then 1 Afin will be able to change to 100
AfinS

8

With Co-Chain and using AfinS as a stable coin, the transaction will be more
efficient. Both speed and fees. ( in Figure 2)
Figure 2: Blockchain Payment Comparison

The Waves of Afin Token
Asian Fintech aims to create an online business platform in various fields and
bring the Blockchain platform to applications for business platforms in those
fields. To use on Blockchain platform for maximum performance. In terms of
platform accession, money transferring, Collection of statistical analysis data
and etc. in the following business fields.
Afin will have two waves of token namely 1st wave of token and 2nd wave of
token as shown in the figure 3 below.
1) In the first wave of Afin token, it is focused on three platform and
launched in the year 2018 with the sales of ICO 1 to ICO 5.

9

These are 3 platforms
A.) Afin Auction Platform: Asian Fintech launch Afin Auction Plat form
which is running on Afin Blockchain by applying Afin coin as a
medium of exchange.
B.) Wellness Reservation Platform: Asian Fintech join and cooperate
with Riwigo to develop and apply Afin Blockchain where Afin
coin to be used Riwigo’s wellness reservation platform (including
expand to worldwide).
C.) Crypto Mining Management Platform: Asian Fintech launch Afin
Crypto mining platform which will running on Afin Blockchain and
allow Afin coin holders to access and manage their own Crypto
mining on platform which has been prepare and set up by very
high crypto mining system controlling and management module.
2) The second wave of Afin token is to be launched in the year 2019 and
to be focused on three business sector platform namely Finance &
Leasing and Insurance Business; Entertainment & Gaming Business, and
Real Estate & Properties Business which will be launched in the future in
Mid-term plan, it’s under Research and Development.
Figure 3: The waves of Afin Token

10

Afin Road Map
Based on the two waves of Afin Token, following Afin Road map provide
clear understanding of the execution of the Afin Strategy as show in
figure 4.
Figure 4: Afin Road Map

11

Afin Symbol and Initial information
The symbol of Afin Coin is “Afin” and the details are follow.
Figure 5: Token Details

Supply and Distribution of Afin Coin
The total supply of Afin Coin will be 500,000,000 Afin. However, an
incremental approach will be applied in supplying the coin. This means
that Afin will supply its Coin incrementally. This is to strengthen and enrich
the Afin Coin price and to grow in the trading market as well as build up
confidence and trust from the buyers. The distribution and sales of the
Afin Coin is presented in figure 6.

12

Figure 6: Distribution of Afin Coin

13

Asian Fintech’s started to use the first wave of Afin Token of 100,000,000 in
three Afin business platforms from mid-year of 2018 onward. Afin’s
executives will have a range of meetings with their business partners and
potential partners to negotiate future growth. This fund is to be generated
from the Token sale of Pre ICO and ICO 1 to ICO 5.
Distribution Overview

Pre-ICO and ICO 1 to ICO 5 : Afin Coin sales start with the Pre-ICO sales
with 2% (10,000,000 Afin).
•

The Pre-ICO sale is available only for Afin’s internal members such as
sponsors and supporters.

•

The ICO 1 to ICO 5, 18% (90,000,000 Afin) are to be carried globally.

The detail of above sale schedule is presented in the figure 7 below. In
addition, each 10% (50,000,000 Afin) of Afin Coin is planned to distribute to
referral program and PR, Token team and Advisor team. This to be carried out
after the Initial coin offering is completed in increments according to the Afin
Business Road map. The projection of ICO sales of 100,000,000 Afin will raise
approximately 40,500,000 US Dollar. Pre-ICO and ICO buyers can sell Coin in
the market once Afin is listed in the trading exchange market.
The Referral and PR team, token team and Advisor team will be given a total
of 30 percent of Afin coin for putting this project together. The condition is that
these teams are not allowed to sell their token more than 50 percent of their
coin after six months of ICO in trade market and another 50% after completion
of one year of ICO. This is mainly ensuring that the ICO buyer’s coin will retain
value.
The Reserve Token (remaining 50%) will be kept and reserve for Afin’s future
projects. Afin will have full control of this and will make its decisions based on
the market trends. Anything done with the reserve token will be announced
publicly as well as to Afin coin holders and partners. However, Afin to use the

14

Second Wave of Afin token in Future Platform and usage Mid-term Plan such
as Financing and Leasing Platform, Insurance Platform, Entertainment and
Gaming online, Etc.
Afin Pricing
The price of 1 Afin coin was equal to 0.10-0.25 US Dollars in Pre-ICO.
ICO -1 price will be stared from 0.30 UD Dollars until the end of ICO -5 sales
in which the price of 1 Afin will be equal to 0.55 US Dollars as shown in figure
7 below.

The estimation of coin value is based on the increasing price of
Cryptocurrency in the international trade market. There is evidence from other
well-known Cryptocurrencies that their trade price has increased rapidly with
great benefit to their buyers [6, 7]. With this evidence, This indicates that in the
future the market will be more lucrative and can expect high capital gain.
Figure 7: ICO Price and Schedule

15

Usage of Fund from 1st Wave of Afin Token
From the 1st wave of Afin Token, it is projected that from the sale of Pre-ICO,
ICO 1 to ICO 5 for raise 40,500,000 USD (or equal to BTC of 5,800 or ETH 90,000.)
From the generated amount from sale of Pre ICO, ICO 1 to ICO 5, fund will be
used further strengthen the three Afin Business platforms (Auction platform;
Wellness Platform, and Crypto Mining Management Platform) as shown below
in Figure 8.
Figure 8: Usage of Fund generated from 1st Wave of Afin Token

16

•

21% of the fund is to be used to further development of three
mentioned platforms and system development;

•

16% of the fund is to be used for marketization of the three platforms
and user acquisition and cannibalization of the other token market;

•

12% of the fund is to be used operation of capital within two years;

•

12% of the fund is to be used for the further development of Blockchain
platform;

•

7% and 4% of the fund is to be used to support the system (personnel)
and legal and related to the launching of ICO capital respectively.

•

From the fund generated, 27% of the fund will be capital reserve and
back up. This is mainly to use for buying back Afin coin (and/or AfinS
coin) from the suppliers or coin holders, in order to prepare and create
the liquidity for them and Afin ecosystem.,

Afin Blockchain Technology

Afin will apply blockchain technology while expanding and diversifying
the businesses of Afin’s platform business and partners. It is cost effective
and convenient for both the sellers and buyers. All information when
using Blockchain is transparent and accurate as it cannot be changed
or modified. All systems are highly reliable and highly automated. The
Smart Contract reduces the time spent managing legal documents
reducing legal and regulatory steps. The system is more secure and
cannot be altered or tampered with when sharing the information
between multiple agencies. Systems work more efficiently. Corruption in
a system using block chain technology would be much more difficult.

17

A.) Afin Auction Platform
Auction sector in the world is to grow and further increase the contribution
towards global auction business. In Asia there is significant increase in the
Auction business and by the end of 2020, this business will grow with
exponentially. Afin has a high level of expertise and technology in the auction
and financial system and is supported by strong ties to the national auction
system, supported by government in each country, and are able to make
auction transactions effectively and efficiently.
However, Asian countries need to interconnect through the auction system.
This will further enhance the government of each country systemizing the
auction system, providing the best infrastructure and best prices. Afin focus its
Auction sector beginning with Thailand and Asian countries.
Afin Auction platform to provide four major services starting with automobile
industry as follows:

• Auction Organize Service, under this service, Afin to organized of
auction of all the products such as auctioning and managing of cars
and motorcycles of individuals, juristic person, government and
government agencies.

• Online Auction System, Afin to provide online auction over the internet
with the supporting operation on smartphones iOS and Android. The
online, bidding and buying action are carried on real time. This system is
applicable to provide sector organizations and government to procure
goods and service, subcontractors. Under this Afin follows two type of
auction namely forward auction and reverse auction:

Afin Auction platform earning
Commission Fee

: From success products or services sale price. It’s depend

on type of products or service sales in Platform . The range is between 2-8%.
Advertisement Fee : From PR & Advertising sponsorships on Platform.

18

Figure 9: Auction Platform with Blockchain Benefits

• Forward Auction, it is sales model which mean the highest bidder is the
winner. With the development of global technology, Afin to provide this
auction through E-auction in real time so that users or customers can
be at home or work while doing E-auctioning.
“E-auction is an electronic auction, which is part of the electronic
purchasing process. And also a bidding or buying auction in real time.
The system is applicable to private section organizations and
government to procure good service and subcontractor”.

• Reverse Auction, this is the purchase auction with the lowest bidders
wins. This could be buying materials, office supplies, computer
equipment, or hiring a service. Afin to implement this auction with the
partner with the Insurance Company.

Afin will further enhance the Auction business platform in this region. Afin
Auction Platform take the advantages of blockchain technology and
migrate the auction process onto the blockchain network to further enhance
the auction business platform.
19

With the integration of Blockchain technology and adoption of the
decentralization of applications and smart contracts, Afin will further
enhance and constantly upgrade Afin Auction platform. Afin will improve
and redesign Afin functionality and strengthen the auction platform: forward
and reverse auction.
Figure 10: Example of Auction

20

Figure 11: Afin Auction Program

21

Figure 12: Afin Auction Procedure with smart contract

There is growing demand of vehicles globally. In the report of Berger (2014), it
has indicated that the average compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of
car sales in Latin, America, Africa, Middle East and Southeast Asia would be
3.57% in between 2013 to 2019 with comparison of BRIC countries (Brazil,
Russia, India and China). In Southeast Asia car sales from 2013 to 2019 is CAGR
3.6% [20].

In Southeast Asia especially the car industry is growing very fast. Indonesia,
Thailand, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Singapore hold one of the
most promising car markets in the world, ranking one notch below Germany,
the fifth largest [21]. Also, Thailand ranked top 12 among the world’s vehicle
producer. In terms of sales in domestic, Thailand is ranked 19th in the world,
6th in Asia and 2nd in ASEAN [22, 23]. At the same time Myanmar and
Cambodia is largest used car buyers [22, 24].

22

Figure 13: Thailand car production from 2009 to 2016 (1)

Source: BOI, 2017
In 2016, the automotive industry of Thailand contributed 12% of the GDP with
“with more than 1.94 million vehicles produced and worth USD 27 billion in
2016. These successes ranked the country as the largest automotive producer
in Southeast Asia and 12th in the world as an Automotive Hub of Asia” [25]. In
2016, the 57% of the production of car is the pickup truck along with 41% of
passenger car as shown in the figure 13 above. Report from BOI, indicated
that the Thailand car production has increased 9.93% annually since 2009
[25].
The automobile industry of Thailand accelerates the economy of Thailand to
larger and stronger economy [25]. This is mainly because of high skilled human
capital. In the year 2016, 0.7 million human capital are in the automotive
industries covering every process of the production automobile industry of
Thailand.

23

BOI report indicated that the 61% of the workforce in Thai automobile industry
are highly skilled labors [25]. Involvement of human capital in automobile
industries, it is growing annually at 6.38% as shown in the figure 14 below.

Figure 14: Thailand car production from 2009 to 2016 (2)

Source: BOI, 2017
The evidenced of growing demand of the vehicle in Thailand and southeast
Asia, Afin synergized it strengths (Privacy, Transparent, Trust, Reliable, and
Technology) and core values (figure 15) of 5S and 5E, take this opportunity to
create the largest auction business platform starting with the Mekong region
with the Afin Auction model (figure 16)

24

Figure 15: Afin Core Values

Figure 16: Afin Auction Module

In the Auction platform with the integration of blockchain technology, the
service is available for both users as well as for sellers trading with Afin coin
(and/or AfinS coin) The details are shown below.
Figure 17: Afin Auction Model

25

Afin Auction Platform services & functionality for User/buyer/seller
using Afin Coin
USERS

Sellers

Offering of Rent

Able to set the price or
organize an auction

Sell free any type of
vehicle

No charges of
placement until the
vehicle is sold

Free search for
dealership centers

Accept deposit for the
vehicle in Afin Coin
Tokens on the Afin
Auction Platform

Search and buy any
type of vehicle

Purchase vehicle
insurance

Participate in auctions

Transfer Afin Tokens to
other users

Accept payment in AFIN
Tokens on the Afin
Auction Platform
Receive notifications
either on phone or email
or Afin Mobile app
regarding interested
buyers
Receive reminders either
on phone or email or
Afin Mobile app about
scheduled vehicle
maintenance
Find repair manuals Afin
Mobile app

Buyers
Able to create customized
search with detailed search
options related to their
specific vehicle
requirements
Receive auto-notifications
either on phone or email or
Afin Mobile app for new
vehicles that match a
customized search type
Receive auto-notifications
either on phone or email or
Afin Mobile app for vehicles
on the watch list where
price is reduced
Ability to cross check the
vehicle background and
maintenance activities
directly on the Afin Auction
Platform via license plate
number
Ability to book a vehicle via
the Afin Auction Platform
with or without a deposit
Afin Coin
Ability to pay for a vehicle
in Afin Tokens on the Afin
Auction Platform
Calculate future vehicle
costs like insurance,
pending maintenance,
repairs needed on the
auction platform

Able to get the schedule a vehicle maintenance

26

Afin Auction Platform services & functionality for
Dealerships/Auction Houses/Insurance Providers/Vehicle Service
Centers using Afin Coin
Dealerships

Auction Houses

Vehicle Service
Centers

Insurance Providers

Govern easily and manage one or more auctions at a time with multiple categories of
vehicles plus administrating and managing the policies, assess risk and control cost as
well as Track and manage jobs related to events
Opportunity to sell
vehicles for a
fixed price or
organize auctions

Able to organize time
and live online or
auction or bidding

Aiming feature for
customers that need
insurance renewal as per
specific criteria

Targeting feature for
customers in the area
who have upcoming
scheduled
maintenance

Premium Calculator to
perform quick and easy
calculations according
to specific criteria

Client engagement
and retention via
automatic service
reminders through Afin
Mobile Application or
SMS or auto-call on
phone or by email

Specialize dealer
blog or page with
customized
design serve as
primary
dealership
webpage

Auctions available on
any device

Opportunity to
offer vehicles for
rent

Real time with high
quality video and
audio with real time
updates to all bidders
having a bidder
Privacy Settings

Analytics feature to
better analyze risk

Afin automated
process for book
keeping – record and
track revenue,
expenses and profits

Can have details
statistics per
advertisement

Auction sniping and
relisting with
automatic handling
of ending auctions

Automated processes from quote to claim

Afin automated
invoicing process plus
Afin’s supply chain
management features
can be viewed its
historical order
quantities, track
purchases and
inventory, create
orders, pay invoices

Analytics features to
analyze job duration
and resource
utilization

Can post
unlimited number
of advertisement
with the given
conditions

Customizable Email
Templates

Customize templates and
features available for
easy data exchange
with other insurance
systems

Will have
additional
finance
management
instruments on the
platform to
manage sales,
overall
operational costs,
and profits

Accept payments in
Afin Coin Tokens as
well as FIAT
currencies

Business solutions for both
B2B and B2C clients with
physical signature
available

Ability to use Buy Now (Fixed Price) feature

27

Afin vision is to become global auction platform of any products from antiques,
luxurious to art products as par with top five auction house: Christie’s,
Sotheby’s, Poly Auction, China Guardian and Heritage Auction, in the global
platform. These top auction houses account half of global auction market
value [26]. The report of McAndrew (2018) indicated that sales of public
auction of fine and decorative are and antiques reached 28.5% in 2017 as
show in the figure 18 below. This sale is “up 27% year to year with the uplift
driven by strong sales at the high end” [26].

Figure 18: Global Market for Public Auction sales 2007-2017 (US$ in Billion)

Source: McAndrew,
2018
According to the McAndrew (2017) report, the events of art fairs or sales exist
since six decades back and earliest from 1950 and 1960s. However, since 2000
there is geographically spread of Arts sales and grown immensely. In the year
2000, there were approximately more than 55 major international art fair was
organized. This number increased rapidly in 2017 and there were more than

28

260 major fairs held internationally. In addition to this, there are more than 100
arts fair or sales were held regionally and locally on a smaller scale that cover
arts and collectibles market.

In addition, the study of Zhong (2017), indicated that “In 2015, China's art
market represented 32 per cent of the total global auction market and
became the second-largest market globally in terms of total sales value for
fine and decorative art” [27]. This indicates that market for arts are growing
and auction market would be benefited. Afin is willing to enter in the arts and
antique action market Afin Coin as a medium of currency exchange.
Afin will further diversifying its auction business platform in property and realestate market. There are growing market of auctioning of properties. The
finding of Wong and his team (2017) study indicated that the characteristics
property auction such as “proximity to the city center, number of previous
auction attempts and number of online viewers are positively related to sale
price and sale probability” [28]. In this regard, Afin will focus its property auction
offline and online with the current partners in Thailand and will further expands
its property auction through Asia and other continents by accepting the Afin
Coin as a medium of currency exchange.
In this context, Afin will synergized its core value and further strengthen the
platform from the funding from first wave of Afin token:
➢ The Afin team is committed to be a main pillar on which the idea for
decentralization rests upon
➢ Afin will build a free to use platform for everyone – dealerships, sellers,
buyers, insurance companies, auctioneers, vehicle service centers,
bloggers, writers, readers and anyone else who might benefit from it.
➢ Through the advertisement, the platform monetizes from the provided
services and eventually get income from them.
➢ Afin to follow the blue ocean business strategy which has been
adopted by all major Internet platforms such as Facebook, Google,
Snapchat, Line. While the Afin platform to use but will contain a nonintrusive ads which will be the source for revenue provided add
follows the local government policies.
29

Afin has a high level of expertise and technology in the auction and financial
system and is supported by strong ties to the national auction system,
supported by government in each country, and are able to make auction
transactions effectively and efficiently. However, countries need to
interconnect through the auction system. This will further enhance the
government of each country systemizing the auction system, providing the
best infrastructure and best prices.
B.) WELLNESS RESERVATION PLATFORM
Globally there is increasing trends in the wellness business and as per Global
wellness Institute report, it indicated that the market is grown from 10.6% to
3.7 trillion US Dollar from 2013 to 2015 as shown in the following diagram and
expected to grow further $ 5 trillion by end of 2018. The main reason is the
growing interest in nourishing and improving health driven by aging. At the
same time rising impact of climate change on the health as well as global
epidemic of chronic disease and stress, and the failure of the 'sick-care'
medical model to improve quality of life.
Figure 19: Global Wellness Economy

30

Asian Fintech to join and cooperate with Riwigo to develop and apply Afin
Blockchain where Afin coin and/ or AfinS coin to be used on Riwigo’s wellness
reservation platform for greater efficiency. And to expand the platform to
worldwide.
Riwigo is a discounted online wellness booking platform for services such
as spa, beauty parlors, fitness, aesthetics, etc.in Thailand (at this moment)
Riwigo offers real-time booking platform with 20% to 80% discount and
instant confirmation via. yield management and time-based discounts
engine. Unlike competitors, we are having higher GTV, better product
experience and is 5x faster.

31

32

Riwigo Platform ranked one of best 25 Startup platforms from nearly 1,000
startups, over 40 countries around the world and number 1 discount reservation
platform for wellness in Thailand. Riwigo connect empty wellness with unwell
humans via Time-based discount – yield management (In the wellness business
hae not adopted yield management concept yet)

33

34

Problems in the Wellness Business:
Merchants’ Problems
-

By nature of business spa and salons required to be booked in advance:
Merchants need a solution.

-

Average occupancy are less that 30% at most of the hotel and day spas. No or
very less traffic during off-peak hours.

-

Marketing cost VS ROI are not viable for them as compared to hotels and
restaurants.

-

Wellness centers have not adopted yield management concepts as yet.

Customers’ Problems
-

No easy way to book Spa and Salon for 24 hrs. x 7 Days with instant confirmation.

-

Long Queues & waiting at peak times. Scores of tourists crowding the venues.

-

No easy way to purchase gift vouchers / coupons for a range of spas or price
segment. Spa and grooming gift vouchers are among top 10 gift options
nowadays.

-

No easy way for corporates, events organizers, MICE, groups, OTA etc. to book with
one or few aggregators.

-

World’s 3.2 billion workers are increasingly unwell. (source: Global Wellness Institute)

-

No Incentive at Off-Peak Times

35

The Riwigo platform, combined with the application of Afin Co-Blockchains
and Afin and AfinS Coin, Both the service provider and the customer can be
linked to each other and the transactions are carried out quickly and
efficiently. All Reservation, payment and review are reliable on the Block chain.

36

Wellness Reservation Platform User/buyer/seller using Afin Coin
USERS
Option of various
Wellness Service

Sellers (Wellness
Service Provider)
Able to set the price
and provide the
wellness service
details

Reserve any type
of wellness service

No charges of
placement until the
services are
purchased and used

Free search for
any wellness
service providers

Accept deposit of
the charges in Afin
Coin Tokens

Search and buy
any type of
wellness services

Accept payment in
AFIN Tokens or Coin

Purchase wellness
service packages

Book in advance
customized
wellness packages

Transfer Afin
Tokens to other
users

Send notifications
either on phone or
email or Afin Mobile
app regarding
interested buyers
Send reminders
either on phone or
email or Afin Mobile
app about
scheduled of
customized wellness
service schedules
Accept payment in
AFIN Tokens or Coin
for other users

Buyers
Able to create customized
search with detailed search
options related to their specific
wellness services
Receive auto-notifications either
on phone or email or Afin Mobile
app for new wellness services
that match a customized search
type
Receive auto-notifications either
on phone or email or Afin Mobile
app for services on the watch list
where wellness services are
available
Ability to cross check the
wellness service provider
background and maintenance
activities directly on the wellness
reservation Platform
Ability to book a wellness service
packages via wellness
reservation platform with or
without a deposit Afin Coin

Ability to pay for the service in
Afin Tokens on the wellness
reservation platform

Ability to know the new wellness
services packages

Able to get the schedule a wellness service details

37

38

Key Metrics as of July 2018
-

Contracts with more than 350+ reputed merchants / venues around
Thailand signed up.

-

More than 25,000 downloads and 5,000 registered users in last 5 months of
soft launch.

-

Average monthly Active Users (MAU) : more than 10,000 users.

-

Facebook Likes, achieve more than 10,000 likes

-

More than 1,000 bookings.

-

Repeat users are more than 40%

39

40

Platform Business Models
-

Booking Commission Fee: 10 to 15%
On top we get 10% to 60% time based discounts for users.

-

Travel Agency: 10 to 20% from Corporation booking, groups, land
transport, offline booking.

-

Advertising: Product placements on websites, notification, booking
confirmation, etc.

Final Outcomes
With the strength of Afin and its core value and business platform, Afin will
further expand Riwigo business globally to achieve Riwigo visions:
-

No#1 Global Wellness Platform based on Yield management.

-

No#1 Ratings and reviews for Wellness.

-

No#1 Solutions and resource provider for Hotel industry.

-

Key adopter of tech: Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning

Afin coin holders will be able to access platform and use Afin-S coin (Even Afin)
for booking or make reservation and may get more some special discount or
privilege up on each merchants’ proposal.

41

The trend of Wellness is more and more. The people in the world have turned
their attention and spend a lot of time on this.
Our road map extends the Riwigo platform by using the Afin Co-Blockchain
system, which will further expand the coverage of the world.
In term of speed of transaction, Data storage and analysis, the transfer fee
to be effective. This is useful both for service providers and service buyers.
Trustworthy Blockchain smart contract-based Ratings and Review platform
for wellness. Customers and Merchants rate and review each other.

42

C.) Crypto Mining Management platform
Why crypto mining business still has the future?
Cryptocurrency mining, It's a topic that everyone who's interested in
Cryptocurrency story has heard. In the past few years, there are several
incidents that triggered a storm surge in the Cryptocurrency area, such as the
sudden crossover value. Soaring up to ten times.
Because there are people who follow the news. Pay attention to bitcoin,
make that moment. There are many investors, become a millionaire in a blink
of an eye.
The good news of being a millionaire, the impact is wide. Many people see
that Bitcoin is a shortcut to millions that are not beyond reach. Investors turned
their attention to the business of Cryptocurrency. Some of you use the original
cost of playing stock. Bring cash to exchange coins. To keep a profit in the
future (trading line) some people who have enough technical knowledge. It is
a computerized investment in the Crypto mining and especially of heavy
mines. They bought an ASIC computer specially designed for digging Bitcoin.
Bitcoin in this period is pretty. You have many profits since the first investment
ever.
But in the end, the gold ends. With the anti-inflation mechanism of the chip
itself. The longer the day. The so-called Difficulty will increase, so it takes more
time to dig. And when to spend more time. It will affect the cost of digging
electricity. Many mining investors have trouble digging, not worth paying for
electricity. This event makes people interested in the message curtain call
Cryptocurrency some misunderstand that. Digital mining has come to a dead
end. But the truth is reversed.
Even though the mining of Bitcoin is experiencing difficulties, Luckily, the world
of Cryptocurrency does not have just a Bitcoin. There are also many other

43

coins, such as Ethereum, Zcash, DASH.These coins are collectively called
Alternative Coin (ALT Coin).
The popular ALT Coin, such as Ethereum, can use the same computer that was
used to dig Bitcoin (except the ASIC designed to dig only the Bitcoin), resulting
in higher values of ALT Coin.
That means that digital mining has a future. If you choose the right coin. You
can still make a profit. But even mining investment, will cost less and profit more
than trading line. Most investors are also facing another major obstacle. That is
technical knowledge.
Technical knowledge, it is very important for Mining investors. Investors are
required to operate the Rig as required. If you have a deep understanding. It
can be enhanced to dig more coins. Without technical knowledge. It is almost
impossible to invest in the line.
Crypto Mining Management Platform is the perfect solution for those who are
interested in investing in Crypto mining. No need for technical knowledge. The
Rig can be controlled to the same level as the installation and maintenance.
More such as lower electricity bills than residential electricity. Do not waste
space. And because the mines are extremely hot, the Crypto Mining
Management Platform will help investors. Save money on investment cooling
equipment. Including fire risk.
Afin Crypto Mining Management platform
Afin will prepare the platform for Miner's Digger Customers can use Afin
coins and/or AfinS to pay for electricity and services including to but the
mining equipment from beginning.
Crypto Mining Management Platform is a large mining control system. Can
support more than 2,000 units per cluster and can expand as designed.
44

Customers can control the mine through the website. Whether wallet setting
for transfer the outcome coin to keep. Setting the coins they want to mining.
Detailed control command up to card level. Control systems are designed with
ease of use in mind. Users can learn how to control the rig within 5 minutes
without the need for technical knowledge.
We have been investing, researching, developing and planning over 90%
of 2,000 units. We expect to be able to run the platform and operation
within August 2018 (our First Co-Crypto Mining is located in Thailand as
picture below)
-

The large MDB cabinets we have prepared for the 1.5 MW power
supply are available for over 2,000 units.

-

The rig has been installed. And is working

-

Steel frame with electrical and internet Serving for more than 2,000
units.

-

45

Demo of Crypto Mining Management Program

Online remote Crypto Mining Control Site

Users can choose the coins they
want

Example of 2-Unit Mining:
To dig up the coin Ethereum at Nano
pool into the wallets according to the
user-defined address.

User can track status Including editing orders at any time.

46

Highlights of Afin Crypto Mining Management Platform
- For the one who has no enough space, but it is invested in the digging
business of digital mines. For those who are unfamiliar with the area of
ventilation and electrical systems, such as residents in the condo.
- Users do not need technical knowledge.
- Can be controlled remotely. Online mining management system
- You can choose the coins you want to dig. And change at any time.
- Stable with two high speed internet. Automatic Alternate use of another
line immediately encountered the problem.
- Transparently dig into the pockets of the users directly.
- Check the progress of the excavation through the Nanopool you choose
directly.
- No middle pockets, no risk of the central pocket being espionage.
- The one who worry about latent costs , no worries about investing in power
supplies.
- Lower cost of electricity installed in the household. Average, The platform
will use
920 Watts of electricity, which will cost only US $ 0.12 per unit.
- 24-hour security with CCTV and guard system.
- Do not carry fire risk.

47

Crypto Mining Management Platform’s
Service fee per unit and Estimated return.
Case example of a rig installed with 7 AMD ASUS RX570 graphics cards per
unit is digging at 0.413 ETH per month. If the exchange rate is 1 ETH per 460
USD, then the platform will earn 189.98 USD. After deduction of $ 119, the
net income is $ 70.98 per month per 1 unit.
These figures. It's only approx. Since the ETH currency has fluctuated, its
value has changed. Therefore, the impact on the net profit.

Cost of 1 set of Mining Equipment
Monthly Expense
Electricity
Manage & Service fee
Total Monthly Expense
Estimate outcome per month at 1 ETH = USD 460
Mining capacity for 1unit = 0.413 ETH per month

AfinS
220,000.00

(Equal to USD)
2,200.00

AfinS
8,000.00
2,900.00
10,900.00

(Equal to USD)
80.00
29.00
109.00

ETH
0.413

Estimate gain in USD per month
Estimate gain in USD per Year
Return on Investment (ROI)

(Equal to USD)
189.98
80.98
971.76
44%

Estimate outcome per month at 1 ETH = USD 1,000
Mining capacity for 1unit = 0.413 ETH per month
Estimate gain in USD per month
Estimate gain in USD per Year
Return on Investment (ROI)

ETH
0.413

(Equal to USD)
413.00
304.00
3,648.00
166%

The figures are estimation and based on the current situation. The Electricity
cost, manage & service fee may be modified if the platform has a higher
cost from future situation.
The amount of mined coins per month is an estimation. The actual amount
may lower or higher than this depends on Ethereum mining difficulty.

48

CONCLUSIONS
Afin’s online Trading Platforms will facilitate the trade and negotiation
between counties. In this regard, Afin coin is prepared to support the digital
world as the medium of exchange. Afin business complies with public social
responsibility.
Globally, 100,000 users per day are adding in the cryptocurrency trading
platform. The largest cryptocurrency company in the world (Binance)
revealed that 250,000 users are adding per day in their trading platform
‘staggering with 9.5 billion US Dollars daily trading volume” [19]. This
indicates that future growth of cryptocurrency trading is going to be
lucrative globally.
From Asia, Afin would like to be top cryptocurrency company in the region.
Afin coin’s ecosystem circulation opens up new opportunities both for
individual, private and public sector as well as for society itself. Afin will
soon become a full-fledged means of financial transaction (payment) tool
especially for the growing small and medium businesses in worldwide.

The Diverse and Powerful Utility Token with Co-Blockchain

Afin coin.

ASIAN FINTECH PTE. LTD.
#39-01 MARINA BAY FINANCIAL CENTRE SINGAPORE (018983)
Tel. +65 6818 6064 Website: www.afincoin.io Email: info@afincoin.io , info@asianfintech.io
(Asian Fintech Pte Ltd is incorporated in Singapore under UEN 201806923Z)
49

References
[1]

Kakavand, Hossein and Kost De Sevres, Nicolette, (2017), The
Blockchain Revolution: An Analysis of Regulation and Technology
Related to Distributed Ledger Technologies, Luther Systems. Available
at < https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2849251>
accessed on 15 May 2018.

[2]

Seebacher, Stefan and Schüritz, Ronny, (2017), Blockchain Technology
as an Enabler of Service Systems: A Structured Literature Review, in Za,
Stefano., Dragoicea, Monica, and Cavallari, Mauriziop, Proceeding of
Exploring Service Science, 8th International Conference IESS, 2017, Italy.

[3]

Theparat, Chatrudee, (2018), ICO and taken rules take shape,
available on line
<https://www.bangkokpost.com/business/news/1424187/ico-andtoken-rules-take-shape> accessed on 8th March 2018.

[4]

PWC, (2015), Money is no object: understanding the evolving
cryptocurrency market, available online <
https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/Industry-Reports-2015/pwccryptocurrency-evolution.pdf> accessed on 28 Feb 2018

[5]

Berger, Rolland, (2014), Thinking ACT automotive insights beyond
mainstream, available on
<https://www.rolandberger.com/en/?country=US> accessed on 6
June 2018

[6]

Kotani, Hiroshi, (2018), Southeast Asia's new car sales up for second
straight year available on
<https://asia.nikkei.com/Economy/Southeast-Asia-s-new-car-sales-upfor-second-straight-year2> accessed on 5th June 2018
50

[7]

PWC, (2015), Riding Southeast Asia’s automotive highway, available on
< https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/growth-marketscentre/publications/assets/Riding_Southeast_Asia_automotive_highwa
y.pdf> accessed on 7th June 2018

[8]

Yongpaisanphob, Wanna, (2017), Thailand Industry Outlook 2017-2019:
Automobile Industry, available on <
https://www.krungsri.com/bank/getmedia/39e20b27-b978-4561-a042bdc3df817f1c/IO_Automobile1_2017_EN.aspx> accessed on 3rd June
2018

[9]

Roughneen, Simon (2017), Booming Southeast Asian vehicle sales drive
urban congestion, available on
<https://asia.nikkei.com/Business/Trends/Booming-Southeast-Asianvehicle-sales-drive-urban-congestion> access on 7th June 2018

[10]

McAndrew, Clare, (2018), The art of Market 20018, available on
<https://www.sc.com/privatebank/en/resources/pdfs/pvbreports/market-analysis/pvb-global-market-outlook-apr-2018.PDF>
accessed on 10 June 2018

[11]

Zhong, Hui, (2017), China’s new law on art auction, Art, Antiquity and
Law, Vol 22 Issue 3, pp. 229-243

[12]

Woei-Chyuan Wong, Janice Yim Mei Lee, MD Nasir Daud, Pooi Leng
Ng, (2017) "Seller ethnicity and property characteristics: foreclosure
sales in Malaysia", International Journal of Housing Markets and
Analysis, Vol. 10 Issue: 4, pp.539-551, https://doi.org/10.1108/IJHMA-012017-0002Permanent link to this document:
https://doi.org/10.1108/IJHMA-01-2017-0002

51

[13]

Yoing, Joseph, (2018), Exponential growth: cryptocurrency exchange
are adding 100,000+ users per day, available on <
https://cointelegraph.com/news/exponential-growth-cryptocurrencyexchanges-are-adding-100000-users-per-day> accessed on 23rd Feb
2018.

52

