Disclaimer
This document, called White Paper from now onwards, has been prepared to introduce the
InnovaMinex project to potential participants and all those interested in contributing to its
development. It is possible that the following information might not be complete. Neither does
it represent any contractual relationship. Is sole purpose is to provide information on
InnovaMinex.
No part of this White Paper shall be considered as a commercial leaflet or as collaboration
request. Neither shall it be considered, in any way, as an offer to purchase shares in any
jurisdiction whatsoever. This document has not been written according to, nor subject to, any
law or regulation from any particular jurisdiction with the purpose of protecting the interested
parties.
Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained in this White Paper
constitute an ante report. Such statements or ante report imply risks and uncertainties that
may cause that the real events or results materially differ from the estimates or the implicit
results expressed in such statements.
The Spanish version of the White Paper is the main and only official source of information
related to the InnovaMinex project and its issue of MINX. The information contained in this
document could be translated into other languages or it might me used to establish verbal or
written communication channels with potential partners or members of the project.
As a result of its translation, part of the information contained in this document might be
omitted, corrupted or distorted. In the event of any inconsistency between the official White
Paper written in Spanish and any of its translations or communications, the provisions of the
original document in Spanish shall have priority and shall prevail. InnovaMinex OÜ reserves the
right to make changes in the White Paper. In the event of any difference or differences
between the different versions of the document, the last version of the White Paper published
in the ​www.innovaminex.com web site shall prevail, and any other version previously published
shall be deemed invalid in all its iterations and representations.
The applicable jurisdiction for anyone willing to purchase MINX shall be the one established in
the Spanish territory, not being InnovaMinex responsible for the regulations of the country of
origin of the buyer. The information contained in this White Paper and in
https://www.innovaminex.com ​has a purely descriptive character, is non-binding and it is not
part of the terms and conditions for the generation of MINX (henceforward, the “Terms”).
Notably, the concerned party should be aware that the purchase of InnovaMinex MINX could
entail high risks. Please, consult the section on risks in the Terms to obtain further information.
If any interested party does purchase MINX, InnovaMinex OÜ might request him/her personal
information or information about the procedence of the perceived funds.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 1

1. MARKET​ A
​ ND INDUSTRY
■ Precious metals as an investment
● Gold ore
● The price of gold
● Silver ore
● The price of silver
● What is mining?
● Mining methods
● The mining life cycle
● Important concepts
● Green mining
● Mining concessions
2. W
​ HAT IS ​ INNOVAMINEX​?
■ Mining Project
● Vereda Guayaquil gold deposit
- Polymetallic mine
- Why this mine?
- Situation​ of our first exploitation
- Production costs
- Security controls
- Companies and licenses
- Technical timing and timing for the commencement of works
● Other mining projects
■ E-commerce
■ ATMs
■ Gross margin of projects
3. MINX: ​OUR CRYPTOCURRENCY
■ MINX Utility
■ Loyalty Program
■ MINX Value
■ MINX Details
■ MINX Distribution

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 2

4. ​ROADMAP
5. ​US
■ Team
■ Advisors & ambassadors
■ Partners
6. ​SOCIAL PROJECT

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 3

1. Market​ and industry
Precious metals​ as an ​investment
Precious metals are unique assets: they are scarce, albeit highly liquid. They not
only have financial value, but they also have an emotional and cultural value
attached to them.
Investors range from individuals to pension funds and sovereign wealth funds,
located in both, developed and emerging markets.

Gold: the most precious metal
“The modern gold market is a picture of diversity and growth. Since the early
1970s, the volume of gold produced each year has tripled, the amount of gold
bought annually has quadrupled and gold markets have flourished across the
globe” *.
Key facts that investors should know:
● Gold is a main asset driven by many factors, not just by investment
demand.
● Gold is one of the most effective diversifiers.
● Gold provides competitive returns compared to other important financial
assets.
● Over time, fiduciary coins, including US dollars, tend to lose value
compared to gold.
Hence, the combination of these factors means that adding gold to a portfolio
can improve risk-adjusted returns.
* h
​ ttps://www.gold.org/about-gold/gold-demand​.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 4

Demand for gold
Presently gold is being purchased by a cluster of consumers and investors that
is much more diverse than at any given time in history.

Annual average gold demand:
~4
​ .100​ tons / ~ US$ ​166​ billion
Demand estimates by sector * :

The different uses of gold – jewellery, investments, technology, as the reserve of
central banks – make different market sectors reach prominence at different
times of the global economic cycle.
This diversity of demand and the self-balanced nature of the gold market
sustain the solid qualities of gold as an investment asset.

(*) Based on 10-year average demand estimates ending in 2026. Figures may not add up to
100% due to rounding.​ ​Source: Thomson Reuters GFMS, World Gold Council

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 5

Silver: another precious metal
Investment in silver is considered the small sister of investment in gold, so
much so that silver follows the movements of gold very closely.

Facts and data investors should consider:
● Even though silver follows the movements of gold, it moves much faster.
For every 1% variation in the price of gold, silver does so by 3%.
● Silver is – together with gold – a safe investment, since throughout history
it has always maintained its status as a precious metal.
● It offers competitive returns, only behind gold.

Annual average silver demand:
~2
​ 5.000​ tons
●

Over 54% was destined for industrial use.

●

Over 20% was converted into coins and bars.

●

Over 20% was used in jewelry.

●

The remaining 5% was used for cutlery.

(*) Source: The silver institute.

As we can see, silver is a metal with a very diversified demand, which plays a
positive role in maintaining its value as a precious metal. The photovoltaic and
electronic industries constantly use silver due to its unique properties.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 6

Gold ore
Gold is one of the minerals
most exploited since ancient
times

by

humankind.

The

uniqueness of this material, its
beauty and its ability to remain
unchanged

over

time,

has

served to maintain its great
value since the dawn of time.
Among the physical properties
of gold are its remarkable conductivity of electricity and heat. It is also highly
resistant to almost virtually all existing chemicals, except regal water (mixture of
hydrochloric acid and nitric acid), and substances such as potassium or sodium
cyanide, the latter being used industrially to release gold (known as "gold
cyanidation”).
This material’s inalterability and ease to be manipulated have allowed jewelry
and ornamentation industries to utilise it in multiple shapes and for different
uses.

The price of gold
Undoubtedly, gold is a precious commodity in the stock market. In fact, there
have been times when price increased significantly, as occurred in the 1970s, a
decade that began with a price of $ 35 per troy ounce which rose up to $ 850,
i.e., over 2,300% in just 10 years.
Experts point out that we are presently living in a very similar environment to
the one existing in the 1970s, in fact, the pattern of behavior is very similar.
Therefore,

we

are

facing

a

positive outlook where experts,
such as ETF Securities, suggest
that inflation can take place
whereas negative real interest
rates are positive for gold.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 7

Silver ore
Silver has been considered a precious metal for
over 6,000 years. It was used for the first time as
currency by the Greeks in about 700 B.C.
Here is what makes silver the perfect metal for
so many sectors boosting its global demand:
● Its malleability and ductility.
● Its characteristic brilliance due to its capacity
to reflect light.
● Its very high electrical conductivity, making silver the favorite metal of the
technological industry, along with gold.
● Its medical applications, being able, for example, to cross the cell walls of
bacteria without damaging human cells, while destroying the reproductive
capacity of the former.

The price of silver
In the last fifty years, the price of silver
has quadrupled, from just over $ 4 per
ounce in the early 1970s, to almost $
16.5 per ounce today; exceeding in two
occasions the amount $ 35 per ounce.

What is mining?
Mining is defined as that activity that focuses on the search, exploitation and
extraction of minerals, constituting one of the most important tasks within the
primary sector of the economy worldwide.
It is in fact one of the oldest existing activities. The interest in finding and
extracting minerals has remained unchanged through the centuries up to our
present day.
Depending on what type of mineral the mining activity focuses on, one can
differentiate between metallic mining - gold, silver or copper, for instance -;
WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 8

non-metallic or quarry mining, where materials such as marble or mica are
extracted; or energy mining, which extracts fuels such as oil or natural gas.
There is also what is called green mining which, while carrying out extraction
activities, minimize environmental hazards.

Mining methods
Mining activities are divided into open-pit and underground mining.

Open-pit mining
They focus on the exploitation of minerals through the stripping or removal of
vegetation and upper layers of the surface. i.e., part of the soil is removed in
order to access deposits buried under it.
This type of exploitation can be divided into open-pit mining per se, which
consists of extracting minerals at great depths, and strip mining, where these
are closer to the surface.

Underground mining - Our mines
Underground mining, or subsoil mining, is based on the construction of tunnels
and underground galleries which allow a better access to the minerals.
Galleries are accessed through what is known as ​pitheads​. Underground
mining is a much more environmentally friendly activity than open-pit mining.
Underground mining can be divided, in turn, into drift mining, performed in
horizontal galleries; slope mining, where the galleries are inclined; or shaft
mining, where the work is carried out vertically.
A further division can be done depending on the technique of extraction
performed in the galleries, which can be by sinking or by what is known as
room and pillar.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 9

The mining life cycle
In mining there are several work stages.

Discovery, prospecting and exploration
Work in a mine begins with its discovery. Prospecting and exploring focus on
finding out if there is any mineral to extract, how much there is and where it is
located.
This work is carried out by geologists and engineers, as well as by other
specialists in different subjects. They must carry out an exhaustive study of the
deposit probability of success, taking into consideration its size and grade, the
initial investment, its risks and the project’s strength​.

Exploitation
Once the mining company has evaluated the studies and the probabilities of
the project, if the deposit is found viable, it begins to plan the extraction,
reaching investment agreements and looking for possible buyers or investors,
among other issues.
Other factors to take into consideration are the kind engineering to be used, its
costs, the local legislation and environmental regulations in force.

Important concepts
When making an estimate of resources in order to establish the economic
viability of a mining deposit, the more samples obtained within the deposit, the
higher the reliability of the estimate.
Resources are classified according to their degree of reliability, being the the
measured resources ​the most reliable ones. These are defined through
samples that are very close to each other, allowing us to confirm with the
utmost certainty that the intermediate resources between the samples really
exist.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 10

If samples are further detached from each other, the degree of certainty about
the presence of minerals between samples is reduced, although it can still be
estimated with some certainty. These are known as i​ ndicated resources​.
Inferred resources refer to those resources for which there are quantitative
estimates based on the geological knowledge of the deposit in question but for
which there are still no measurements or samples, or these are scarce and far
apart. Hence, the continuity of the deposit between both samples cannot be
ensured. Nonetheless these resources can be used to carry out a preliminary
economic study.
Mining reserves are those mineral resources whose exploitation can be truly
demonstrated through a feasibility study performed within a mining project.
When talking about underground mining, only those mineral resources within
the measured and indicated category and which can be exploited through a
specific mining method, should be included.
Probable reserves are those resources of the indicated category that has been
demonstrated that can be extracted using a determined mining plan.

Green mining
If mining is not performed correctly, it can cause a significant environmental
impact and a lasting damage over time.
Mining involves three basic tasks: extraction, transport and processing of
minerals. These are divided into sub-tasks such as surface and underground
operations, the use of fertilizers and the construction of structures. This not only
affects the environment negatively, it also affects nearby communities, causing
a negative impact (pollution, noise, etc.) on the well-being and health of its
inhabitants.
In order to prevent all these activities from negatively impacting the
environment, green mining has been developed.
In the case of Colombia this type of exploitation is becoming the main concern
for companies engaged in the country’s mining.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 11

Green mining focuses mainly on five different aspects:
● Seeking community development. ​Concern for the well-being of the local
population of the mining areas is essential. Thus, worthwhile employment is
promoted, appropriate public structures are developed and communities
are offered education and training.
● Preserving the water. Companies are responsible for not spilling any
polluting substances into rivers, aquifers, seas or oceans.
● Protecting the environment. Maintaining the landscape as it was before
the mining activity through the use of techniques such as reforestation.
● Performing efficient mining activities. ​Taking full advantage of all available
technological and human resources.
● Using renewable energy. ​Taking advantage of this type of sources that aim
at preserving the environment.

This kind of mining proves that this activity does not necessarily mean the
destruction of everything that surrounds it, but rather, when developed
properly, it is beneficial for everyone.

Mining concessions
A mining concession can be defined as “the set of rights and obligations that
the State in which the mine is located grants and confers to a natural or legal
person or to the nation itself, so that it can carry out activities of exploration and
exploitation of the land that has been requested.”
In the case of Colombia, its Law 685 of 2001 includes the Mining Code, which
establishes that the concession contract signed between the State and another
entity also includes the phases of technical exploration, economic exploitation
or the mineral benefit, among other issues.
This concession, as established in Article 61 of the aforementioned law, in
addition to allowing the exploitation of the minerals indicated in the contract,
offers the possibility of obtaining benefits from those others that are intimately
linked or associated with them, or are obtained as byproducts of the
exploitation.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 12

As for its duration, concession contracts are granted for a 30 year-term, from the
date of registration of the contract. This duration can be extended in order to
continue with the exploitation phase.
Within this period, different stages are established:
-

The exploration phase, spanning three years following the registration of
the contract;

-

The construction and assembly phase, for the following three years;

-

And the exploitation phase, the remaining time.

However, an extension of up to two years may be requested in order to
complete or add research and works aimed at establishing the existence of the
minerals and the technical and economic feasibility of their exploitation. A
further one year extension can be requested for the construction and assembly
period.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 13

2. W
​ hat is I​ nnovaMinex​?
It is an innovative business model that uses blockchain technology to
guarantee the traceability of precious metals. By applying a set of procedures, it
is possible to certify the whole process, from its origin in the mines, to the
refinery

and

the

commercialization

to

the

end

consumer.

This

commercialization is done through our e-commerce, partner stores and our
own ATMs.
This will allow buyers to verify the origin of the metal they have acquired,
insuring that the extraction is legal, that the environment has been protected at
all times, or that it cannot be used for money laundering, since all transactions
are registered and the whole community has access to them.
Our ultimate goal is making gold and other precious metals more accessible to
all the people through our cryptocurrency, MINX, obtaining the best possible
price both for our clients and for our community, with emphasis being placed
on the transparency and safety of our transactions.

Mining Project
So far we have 7 mining projects known internally as GUAYAQUIL, VIZCAYA,
BOLÍVAR 2, ANTIOQUIA 3, MINEX 7, MINEX 12 and TOLIMA, which will begin to
operate gradually.
The GUAYAQUIL processing plant is already in the construction and assembly
stage, and gold ore is being collected for further washing and processing. The
start of operations will take place in the first months of 2019. The TOLIMA project
will be the last one to begin, starting in 2022 with the processing of minerals .
All these projects are of underground vein mining kind, i.e., they will extract
minerals deposited in fissures, cracks or crevices of a rocky body. These minerals
are of a different nature to the rocks where they are embedded. Hence, the
mineral of commercial interest is thus extracted directly, causing a minimum
impact on the surface where the mine is located.
Mining titles are concession contracts with an initial duration of 30 years,
renewable for another 30 years. Since the oldest title began in 2008, it can be

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 14

renewed until 2068. The exploitable underground area granted by the titles
range from 100 Has. to 600 Has. On the surface the average maximum area
affected is only 2 Has.
The first stage of the project - the exploitation of mineral resources - is the
beginning of a productive process that will generate real wealth. Gold, silver
and, in some cases, zinc, will be extracted from the earth along with other
non-commercially interesting minerals. Then they will be processed in a
beneficiation

plant;

refined

(acquiring

their

highest

purity)

and

later

transformed into coins and bullions, thus reaching the utmost value.

V
​ ereda Guayaquil gold deposit
Currently, MinexCorp is working on the Vereda Guayaquil project, in the
municipality of Pensilvania, department of Caldas (Colombia).
The importance of mining in this region is so that many international leading
mining companies are settled here.

Therefore,

with

this

project

the

corporation is called to be a wealth
generator
mining

based
(with

on

the

responsible
environment,

citizens and all stakeholders involved
in the project).

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 15

Thus, MinexCorp, with the support of InnovaMinex, plans to create more than
3,500 direct and indirect jobs around this project’s area, having a strong impact,
not only on the country’s general economy, but also on the economy and
employment of the local rural population.
In addition, this mining company, aware of the need to protect the
environment, defends green mining. Therefore the techniques it uses in the
extraction of minerals produce a minimum impact on the environment.

Polymetallic mine
The Vereda Guayaquil mining project, in Colombia, focuses on a polymetallic
mine, that is, a deposit where, in addition to gold, other materials of great value,
such as silver and zinc, can be found.
It consists of three veins: Guayaquil, La Morena and Vizcaya, in which inferred
resources of around 900,000 troy ounces of gold are estimated. The initial
exploitation target will be carried out on three sections of the Guayaquil vein,
with proved reserves of approximately 37,000 Troy ounces.

Why this mine?
Everyone knows that Colombia has gone through difficult years due to the
presence of guerrillas and paramilitary groups on its territory. However, the
recent peace agreement signed with the Government has opened the
opportunity to recover mining areas that could not be exploited with
guarantees

since the 1960s (or even before), due to the presence of these

groups outside the rule of law. With the signing of the peace process, these
mining titles are now in optimal conditions for a large-scale exploitation.
Coinciding with the new climate of peace and the final completion of a
previously granted mine license, it has been possible to unlock the exploitation
and mining extraction of this particular project.

Situation of our first exploitation
Geological reports made by independent professionals have determined proved
reserves of around 37,000 troy ounces - measurements made on 2.5 Has-. This
calculation has been made by analyzing 347 control samples taken only from a
small portion of the entire deposit.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 16

Within the entire territory - while there necessary explorations to find out the
total reserves that really exist are still missing- inferred resources of 892,257 troy
ounces of gold have been estimated in the three main veins of the mine.
It should be noted that these estimates have never been performed below the
altitude of 950 m above sea level. It may very well be that in some parts the gold
vein extends deeper, and that other sub-veins and derivations that could also
contain some more gold reserves have not been considered.

Production costs
In order to start mining, infrastructures are needed, both for the exploration and
exploitation periods. However, investments in this aspect can be considerably
reduced due to several factors.
A processing plant with a capacity of 100/150 tons per day - that can increase up
to 500 tons - has been planned. As revenues are obtained during exploitation,
the size of the plant will increase and, consequently, the volume of material that
can be processed per day.
Another factor that will reduce initial investment costs is the decision to leave
the development of certain studies, analysis and sampling for later, when gold is
already mined and produced.
Only making decisions like will allow for the reduction of the initial investment
and for this project to generate greater benefits that will be shared with the
InnovaMinex community.

Security controls
Security, of both individuals and goods, is governed by what has been set out in
the Colombian Mining Law, article 97: "​In the construction of the works and in
the execution of the exploitation works, measures must be adopted and
maintained, and personnel and material resources must be available to
preserve the life and integrity of the persons linked to the company and
possibly of third parties, in accordance with current regulations on safety,
hygiene and occupational health.​" As an added value, InnovaMinex will
commission, whenever necessary, external audits to comply 100% with these
regulations.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 17

Companies and licenses
Innovaminex participates in MinexCorp, this being the majority shareholder of
Minera Guayaquil SAS, the Colombian company that carries out all exploration
and exploitation work.
This company has the rights over the concession of mining titles IF5-11131,
IIB-08003X and IIB-08001, which make up a deposit of slightly over 357 Has.

Technical timing and timing for the commencement of works
Currently exploration work has been completed, hence it is time to start the
exploitation phase.
Presently, the working and exploitation plan of the the area has already been
granted, and resources such as electricity or running water are readily available.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 18

It is estimated that production will start in the first quarter of 2019. Initially
between 100 and 150 tons will be processed per day, steadily growing to reach
500 tons.

Other mining projects
The VIZCAYA, BOLÍVAR 2, ANTIOQUIA 3, MINEX 7, MINEX 12 and TOLIMA
projects total more than 2,500 Has. to be explored.
In the next 5 years, the rehabilitation and construction of the guides will start, as
well as the beneficiation plant for the extraction of minerals.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 19

E-commerce
E-commerce consists mainly in the development of market actions, sales,
customer service, portfolio management, logistics management and, in
general, any commercial event or exchange of information carried out through
the Internet.
Nowadays, e-commerce has become a very successful tool for the business
world thanks to the openness and ease of access to the Internet.
The advantages obtained in well-developed virtual businesses are, on the one
hand, the globalized market expansion that is achieved and, on the other hand,
the speed with which businesses are handled. The innovation and use of new
technologies have given way to changes that have improved communications
with clients and the company.
Strengths of electronic commerce:
● Creation of business opportunities and new ways of distributing products
and services.
● Unlimited access to customers in any geographical area. Opening of new
markets and expansion within them.
● Increased competitiveness and quality of service.
● Rapid response to needs and shorter or non-existent delivery chains, which
can in turn lead to a final price reduction.
● Better control of clients and orders.
Thanks to e-commerce anyone can make almost any transaction without
leaving home. That is why we want to display a catalog of various gold, silver
and platinum products, aimed at large cryptocurrency communities.
We will offer 1 g, 2 g, 5 g, and even 1 ozt coins and ingots in order to improve and
diversify the investment portfolio.
The purchase process goes like this: The client selects the currencies he/she is
interested in and initiates the payment process which, for consistency and
convenience purposes, must also be done with cryptocurrencies. Although the
most relevant part in this purchase process is to be able to do it with MINX
obtaining discounts. Finally, the order arrives at the client’s home.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 20

ATMs
ATMs will be designed and manufactured for the
purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies, including
MINX.
Besides cryptocurrencies, gold coins from our
different collections can also be purchased, being
later delivered to the address the client desires.

Software
The software that will be created for ATMs will also
be used to create modules, extensions and plug-ins
that will be used as payment method in online
stores as well as in physical sale points usi. They will
use

MINX

and

bitcoin

-

among

other

cryptocurrencies - as a means of payment, thus
providing a high added value to our project.
We want to commercialize two ATM models
equipped with the latest technological advances
regarding physical security against thefts and computer security. Being
identical in software functionality and bill processing capacity, they will only
differ in their physical appearance.
These ATMs are equipped with a double-track bills recycler that will allow users
to obtain cryptocurrencies in exchange for their fiat money and to exchange
their cryptocurrencies for regular bills. This recycler will accept and dispense
banknotes of the world’s main currencies.
An advanced telematic system will allow our ATMs to be configured, managed
and monitored from any place on the Internet, but always keeping the
maximum guarantees of computer security. This will allow us to control all
ATMs remotely, and to connect to them any time in order to repair any
abnormality in their functioning.
Business profitability is based on the commercial margins applied to the
purchasing and selling prices of the different cryptocurrencies.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 21

With the help of the community and our ATMs we intend to have at least one
cash machine per major city, where it will be possible to buy & sell MINX, as well
as to deliver our gold and silver coins everywhere.

Gross margin of projects
The generation of resources starts with the extraction of minerals from our
mines and their purchase from other external mines, as well as their
subsequent refining and commercialization, providing us with an estimate of
the following financial data in the next five years:

Estimate of G
​ ROSS MARGIN​ on sales
2
​ 019​ t​ o​ ​2024

$ 2​ ​billion

$ 300​ m
​ illion

$ 1​ ​billion

Estimated Total:

$ 3.3 billion *
* The benefit for InnovaMinex from the mining project would be 50% of the profits of Minexcorp, our
mining partner.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 22

3. MINX:​ O
​ ur cryptocurrency
MINX Utility
By using our cryptocurrency you will get the following benefits:
Mines: We encourage our clients to purchase with MINX, offering them more
benefits and discounts.
E-commerce: ​MINX will be the preferential currency on our on-line store. The
best discounts and fees on precious metals will be obtained here.
Exchange: MINX will be present in several exchange platforms, where it will be
possible to buy, sell or exchange it for other digital currency or fiat money.
ATMs: ​It will also be possible to purchase or sale MINX in our points of sale and
ATMs.
Participant stores: ​MINX will be able to be used for payments in major
platforms and in small partner stores.

Loyalty Program
We offer our clients highly attractive and distinctive advantages and incentives.
In this way we will manage to maintain a long-term relationship with them
while increasing our community, thus enabling us to become the leading
e-commerce in gold and precious metals worldwide.
In InnovaMinex we will reward the loyalty of our clients by quarterly investing
25% of their benefits in the loyalty program.
Exclusive information: ​Our clients will receive exclusive information on the
interest rates of the gold and precious metals market, and their relationship
with the world of cryptocurrencies. We will also produce information materials
such as guides, tools and exclusive contents related to our products.
Promotions: O
​ ur clients will receive discount vouchers exchangeable in our
e-commerce for any gold and precious metal products present in our
catalogue.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 23

Discounts: ​U​sers who make use of MINX in any of our business chain points
(mines, refinery, e-commerce or crypto-cashiers) and participating businesses,
will enjoy important discounts, as well as other possible advantages.

We will create a large MINX Community, so we will be able to offer what we can
call an early catalog offer (promotions), eliminating the costs of intermediaries
and, therefore, offering more attractive prices (discounts), thanks to the control
of the entire business chain of precious metals, as well as to the implementation
of the flow of all processes through our blockchain, which in addition will serve
to certify and guarantee the whole process of exploitation and
commercialization of our precious metals.
Therefore, we will stand out as one of the most attractive "Utility Token"
within the wide universe of cryptocurrencies.

MINX Value
Just like any digital asset that takes off, we want to strengthen the value of our
cryptocurrency, i.e., we want to generate demand and work in such a way so
that it will enjoy constant growth in a stable and secure way. Here are the main
keys of MINX that will allow us to reach such objectives:
1. Through our fidelity program, InnovaMinex will distribute discount coupons
exchangeable for our gold and precious metal products among the owners
of MINX that have supported the project. This means that ​MINX ALREADY
HAS A VALUE ALL BY ITSELF, as opposed to many other cryptocurrencies
that do not offer anything extra when keeping them in a portfolio.
2. GOLD DEMAND ALREADY EXISTS! Thus, we do not need to generate any
demand. Other crytpocurrencies need to inform and convince investors that
they are an interesting investment. Gold does not need to convince anyone.
Gold means security and its demand increases steadily, independently of
the economic scenario.
3. To this demand to have to add the fact that ​we offer important discounts
to whomever purchases our precious metals with MINX​. Large
corporations, financial institutions and governments, or small companies
and final clients alike will acquire gold at the best possible price – besides
being the purest and of the highest quality – if they do so through MINX.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 24

All this turns MINX into a very sought-after digital asset both by consumers
and savers.

MINX Details
InnovaMinex has created a 100% decentralized cryptocurrency stemming from
a technologically thriving concept, and an experienced team that actively
contributes to the development of the currency. These two factors are already
attracting many users around the world.
• Type: Utility Token.
• Symbol: MINX.
• Decimals: 6 (0.000001 MINX).
• Volume: 300 million MINX.
• Circulating: 36.100.000 MINX.
• Technology: ERC20.

During the MINX launch KYC and AML processes were strictly followed, in order
to purchase the MINX. All participants had to provide their personal information
to receive their MINX in their personal wallet.
MINX token do not represent company shares or grant rights over the
distribution of income or voting rights. From the point of view of symbolic
economy, MINX is a payment cryptocurrency, therefore, there is no guarantee of
future value of the InnovaMinex token.

MINX Distribution
The total number of MINX issued is 300,000,000 MINX. The total circulating
MINX, during the first year, is 36,100,000 MINX, distributed as follows:

Sold​: 34.555.743 MINX
InnovaMinex (Team, Partners)​: 296.000 MINX

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 25

Marketing (Bounty)​: 182.791 MINX
Marketing (Affiliates)​: 1.000.532 MINX
Marketing (Win Wheel Gifts)​: 64.934 MINX

The initial MINX tokens distribution has been as follows:
20% InnovaMinex project​: 60 million coins go to the project, distributed among
marketing and legal departments, and partners. It will unblock 10% of this
amount every year, for 10 years.
10% Development​: 30 million coins for the project development team, from the
initial phases to the completion of the MINX sale. This team includes advisors
and external companies that have bet on our project. 10% of MINX tokens is
unblocked every year, during 10 years.
70% Sale: 210 million coins have been put on sale. 10% of MINX tokens will be
unlocked each year, in the way described above.

The MINX tokens distribution as of January 26, 2020 will be as follows:
1. Annually, 10% of the MINX will be released to the non-circulating volume,
provided that the following conditions are met:
● MINX token price must be higher than 0.50 USD (reference value in
Coinmarketcap.com).
● The monthly volume must be a minimum of 3,000,000 USD.
2. The unlocking will be done pro-rated between the 12 months of each year,
thus trying not to damage the market price.
3. If any of the two conditions indicated in point 1 is not met, the MINX
tokens that should go on the market will be burned, therefore making the
value of the tokens reinforced, for all the users in the MINX community.
The revision of these conditions will be carried out monthly.
4. The amounts of MINX tokens that in each monthly delivery correspond to
the team, the partners or the developers, if any of the described
conditions is not met, they will not be delivered and they will also be
burned.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 26

Part of the profits generated by the sale of MINX in these new phases (up to $ 1
for MINX), will be allocated to our social projects (30%) and to our MINX Club
(70%), for the benefit of all users with MINX in their wallets.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 27

4. ​Road Map
​

Our great project is already underway, which implies the completion of many
tasks and many human resources involved, which will vary and increase as the
project grows. Due to this dynamism, and with the intention of providing more
accurate information on works and deadlines, a special roadmap has been
developed accessible directly on our website, to show the forecasts of all the
milestones and all the advances that are being made, in a more reliable and
updated way in the day to day.
This roadmap can check at: ​www.innovaminex.com/en/roadmap

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 28

5. ​Us
Team
Our team has created several successful companies, made profitable
investments and managed a fund with high returns for the investors.

FERNANDO GARCÍA SANZ / C
​ HIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

DAVID OLAYA BETANCOURT / L
​ EGAL DIRECTOR

RAFAEL ENRÍQUEZ / D
​ IRECTOR OF INNOVATION

PACO DE BENITO / C
​ OMMUNICATIONS AND SOCIAL ACTIVITY

FRANCISCO MONTERO / S
​ TRATEGY DIRECTOR

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 29

JULIO PÉREZ-TOMÉ ROMÁN / M
​ ARKETING DIRECTOR

JAIME KRAHE / T
​ RADE MANAGER

RAÚL BERLANGA / F
​ INANCIAL DIRECTOR

JAIME VALERO / C
​ HIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

VINCENZO GIORGIONI / I​ NSTITUTIONAL RELATIONS DIRECTOR

IVÁN GARCÍA / C
​ HIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 30

IGNACIO NAVEILHAN / F
​ ULL-STACK DEVELOPER

RAFA PÁEZ / B
​ RAND MANAGER

RICHARD O’ROURKE / R
​ ESPONSIBLE ENGLISH MARKET

JHON FREDY GARCÍA RAMÍREZ / M
​ INING SPECIALIST

JOSE DAVID PÉREZ CASTRILLÓN / M
​ INING SPECIALIST

ANDREAS OTI NILSSON / M
​ ARKET ANALYST

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 31

MANUEL DEL PALACIO / D
​ ATA PROTECTION DELEGATE

NÉSTOR PAVÓN CERCAS / B
​ USINESS ANALYST

SAMANTHA ARANDA BENDICHO / B
​ ENELUX AMBASSADOR

Advisors & ambassadors

KATE BUBLIK / M
​ ARKETING ADVISOR

MOHAMMED ALSEHLI / B
​ LOCKCHAIN ADVISOR

MAURO ANDRIOTTO / F
​ UNDRAISING ADVISOR

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 32

Partners

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 33

6. Social​ ​Project
At InnovaMinex we are strongly committed to the development of the
communities neighboring the mining project. In the coming years we will work
closely with the community for them to obtain short and long-term benefits.
At Innovaminex we are strongly committed to the development of the
communities neighboring the mining project. So much so, that in the coming
years we will work closely with the community for them to obtain short and
long-term benefits, and not only the people from those communities who will
be offered a job.
Currently, we already have some of these activities underway to positively affect
the communities. You can have a look at:
https://innovaminex.com/en/social

.

WhitePaper 5.0​ - ​Updated: 2019/05/07 ​ - 34

