ENGLISH

Pick Your Creation!
Whitepaper
Blockchain-based peer to peer
digital content ecosystem.

1

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Table
of Contents

2

Summary

4

Background

6

Our Philosophy

7

Creator Oriented Revenue Distribution
Transparent Settlement
Sponsorship to More Content Creators

7
8
8

Problem

9

Weakened Creators’ Power
Extractive Monopolies
Missing Community
Lack of Transparency
Piracy and Infringement

9
9
10
10
11

Our Solution

12

Decentralized Digital Content Ecosystem
Support by Community
Greater Ancillary Support for Creators
Greater Chance to participate for Consumers
Transparent information about Copyright Ownership
Digital Content Copyright Management
Intellectual Property Registration and Licensing

12
14
15
16
17
18
18

How It Works

19

Community Stakeholders

20

Content Provider
Consumer
Community Supporter
Content Distributor
Reporter
Marketer
Crowdsourced Translator
Piction Network Council

20
20
20
20
20
21
21
21

Token Economy

22

Introduction
PXL/PIC/ELE Token
Pixel token (referred as “PXL”)
Picture Token (referred as “PIC”)
Element token (referred as “ELE”)
Flow of PIC/ELE Token

22
22
22
23
24
25

Detailed Role and Incentive System

26

Consumers
Content Providers
Supporters
Full recruitment process through DBC

26
27
28
30

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Table
of Contents

3

Marketer
Reporter
Content Distributors
Crowdsourced Translator
Piction Network Council

32
33
34
35
36

Secondary Creation Market through
IP Pool

38

Consumer

38

Participation Scenarios

39

Content Providers
Reporter
Community Supporter
Marketer
New Content Distributor
Crowdsourced Translator

39
39
39
40
40
41

Technical Considerations

42

Blockchain Network
Network Architecture

42
43

Content Copyright
and Distributed Transmission

44

Copyright Protection
Distributed Transmission

44
44

Token Sales Plan

45

Total Sum and Allocation
Distribution

45
45

Roadmap

47

Biz part
Tech part

47
48

Team

49

Legal Disclaimer

50

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Summary
Piction Network is a decentralized peer-to-peer digital content ecosystem. Leveraging blockchain technology, Piction Network intends to
cultivate a creator oriented and trustless digital content ecosystem. We aim to disrupt the centralized models of content monetization, distribution,
and ownership dominated by extractive intermediaries to return power back to the content creators.
The alignment of incentives via token economic structures opens up a new realms for collaboration between creators and community supporters, a
realm untapped in the status quo. Supporters can now provide the creator with various services such as marketings, translations, and sponsorships.
This also provides an opportunity of growth to many creators who were not able to be supported to publish their content before.
The global era is quickly changing the classic business models. In particular, the creative content economy has been undergoing radical changes for
more than a decade.
The global digital content market was approximately valued at $1.8 trillion in 2016 and it is anticipated to grow rapidly in the future, at the average rate
of more than 10.5% in the period ranging from 2019 to 2025. It is expected that the global digital content market will be valued at $3.6 trillion in 2025.

Million USD

Digital Content Market by Region
2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

Global Total

1,982,000

2,179,000

2,405,000

2,661,487

2,945,329

3,259,441

3,607,052

USA

375,200

397,800

415,500

447,507

481,979

519,107

559,095

China

172,700

187,900

202,300

224,874

249,968

277,861

308,867

Japan

101,400

104,900

108,600

112,884

117,336

121,965

126,775

Korea

40,200

42,000

43,900

46.257

48,740

51,356

54,113

Other Asia & EMMA

53,200

53,200

61,100

66,272

67,754

72,301

77,154

Other Ameica

53,900

53,900

59,500

63,493

67,754

72,301

77.154

Europe

197,300

199,800

218,500

232,989

248,439

264,914

282,481

CAGR (2019-2025)

Digital Content market by Region, CAGR — Source from 2017 Global Digital Contents Market Analysis
( https://www.nipa.kr/board/boardView.it?boardNo=77&contentNo=511&menuNo=292&gubn=board&page=1)

The so-called digital content industry refers to the use of high-tech digital tools and information technology to integrate text, image, audio,
and other content into products and services. The various forms of digital content include information that is digitally broadcasted, streamed, or
contained in computer files. Recently, digital content has quickly started to spread as more households get access to the Internet. Therefore, it has
become easier for people to get news and watch TV from the online, rather than from the traditional platforms.

4

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Million USD

Digital Content Market by Category for Piction
2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

Digital Cartoon

1,078

1,185

1,302

1,431

1,571

1,728

2025
1,899

ebook

47,068

51,351

56,024

61,122

66,684

72,752

79,373

Digital Music

15,000

16,770

18,749

20,961

23,434

26,200

29,291

Digital Broadcasting

335,317

350,406

366,174

382,652

399,872

417,866

436,670

Picion Target Total

398,462

419,711

442,249

466,166

491,562

518,546

547,233

Source from 2017 Global Digital Contents Market Analysis

( https://www.nipa.kr/board/boardView.it?boardNo=77&contentNo=511&menuNo=292&gubn=board&page=1)

In the contemporary global market, companies accumulate power by building carefully designed hyper-specialized service platforms. However,
this situation ultimately creates an imbalance between the platform owners and its users, and business owners are not afraid to use their leverage
to impose rules that benefit them, at the expense of users. Content providers are initially hard to attract but platforms eventually become an
unavoidable part of the market. In this model, distribution is the core value of business.
The large platform players extract $40 billion in platform fees annually. These so-called extractive intermediaries charge a disproportionately high
fee whenever a consumer buys content from its creator. Because they often hold a monopoly on their platform, the creators have no choice but to
pay these fees. Simply put, the creators have no bargaining power against them. This is precisely why content creators have long been yearning for a
fairer means of monetizing, distributing, and exercising ownership of their content.
Piction Network, we envision such an ecosystem and we want you to be part of our vision. Leveraging blockchain technology, Piction Network
intends to cultivate a reliable, creator-oriented digital content ecosystem. We aim to disrupt the centralized models of content monetization,
distribution, and ownership currently dominated by extractive intermediaries to give the power back to the creators. Piction Network ecosystem
leverages smart contracts, allowing creators to directly license their content to consumers. The decentralized and peer-to-peer authentication
mechanism can be considered as the ideal right management mechanism.
Under this unfair structure, no stakeholder can win and no stakeholder can be rewarded enough except for the large platforms. For sustainable and
healthy growth of all stakeholders, the traditional centralized business model should be changed.
					
Piction Network is a reverse ICO supported by a strong parent company in Korea – Battle Entertainment that specializes in operating digital
content platform and distributing digital content overseas. Battle Entertainment has been operating for 5 years in the content business industry
and is trusted by leading venture capitals such as Smilegate Investment, Industrial Bank of Korea, KTB Network, and many more. We have a total of
60 people in the team in Korea and China as well. Battle Entertainment operates Battle Comics, one of the top digital content platform in Korea. It
also produces digital content in Korea and China and translates/distributes digital content to overseas. Hence, at the first stage, we can leverage our
Piction Network ecosystem with Battle Entertainments’ asset such as digital content and network.

Subsidiary & Affiliated Companies

Business Areas

The five years of experiences and insight of the digital content industry and after working in a close consultation with content creators has led us
to the conclusion that the industry is mired in deep problems for various stakeholders. In order to solve the aforementioned problems, we intend to
create a decentralized content ecosystem, Piction Network.
In Piction Network ecosystem, (1) Content creators raise the production fund required to maintain their creative activities directly from the
community. (2) Community can participate as supporters, translators, influencers, and consumers. (3) The value that is generated from the
ecosystem is based on blockchain technology and smart contract so that the distribution of benefits and costs can be transparently disclosed and
automatically distributed without intermediaries. (4) We will return all the ownership, rights, and responsibilities over the content to the participants
who have created, invested in, translated, and promoted the content. (5) In addition, Piction Network ecosystem is also not dependent on any
particular platform, country, or language but will be managed through the voluntary incentivised participation between creators and consumers
through an interplay of various token economic incentives.

5

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Background
For the people who live in the digital era, their “fan identity” is one of the dominant ways of
consuming popular culture. Users who consume popular culture are fans or fan-like people
in the space of Internet websites, communities, blogs, social media, etc. They show a similar
behavior style that they share, enjoy and enjoy with others about their enthusiastic things. Fans
do not just spend cultural goods. They build their own popular culture in such a way that they use
them as ingredients and create pleasures for themselves. In this process, fans constantly produce
something.
A fan base that is actively engaged in creative activities can be defined as a 'creative user'. A fan
base that is actively engaged in creative activities can be defined as a 'creative user'. Creative
users are an entirely new group that can explain community market models that are different
from existing market models. Fandom is growing by communicating continuously with members
through fan cafes, and it is the basis for such fanatics to make a second creative work through
translation, arrangement, transformation, adaptation, video production, and other methods.
Piction Network is paying attention to the ecosystem where all participants, including the
creator and the reader, make an organic relationship and support each other and grow up.

6

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Our Philosophy
We intend to build an ecosystem where all participants will co-exist for the healthy growth
of the digital content market. Equality of opportunity should be guaranteed for many creators
through low entry barriers. The final consumer should not go beyond simple purchasing but
expand opportunities for the rights and participation as consumers in the content market. In
addition, by creating an open market and eliminating unnecessary intermediary operators,
content distributors are expected to benefit from the sharing of reasonable revenues.

Creator Oriented Revenue Distribution
Returns Power Back to
Content Creator

Piction Network returns power back to content creators. Piction Network is digital content
platforms to establish a creator centric ecosystem where creators can receive more benefits
for their content. Digital content platforms and creators can freely sell the content published on
Piction Network ecosystem as it lowers the barriers to enter for platform content distributors
and to reduce the burden required for them to manage a creator’s production by tapping into the
power of the community. This lower entry barrier and the reduction of administrative costs enable
a higher rate of revenue distribution to content creators.

Autonomous
Smart Contract

User

Marketer

Pay for content

Production
Cost

Supporter

Help distribution

Creator

Expand market
to Global

Serves Content
on Network

Translator

Distributior

7

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Transparent Settlement
Full transparent &
Immutable

In traditional platforms mired with extractive intermediaries, there is a lack of transparency and
accountability in revenue distribution and revenue settlement. Creators are given their fair share
of benefit rewards without full disclosure of the data regarding the sales of their content. Since
transactions on the blockchain are fully transparent and immutable, Piction Network resolves the
issues related to transparency and accountability.

Sponsorship to More content Creators
Growth together :
Community & Creators

Traditional digital content platforms support only a handful of creators to publish their content. In
Piction Network, creators can have access to support beyond traditional platforms and leverage
the power of community supporters. Supporters can provide the creator with various services
such as marketing, translation, and sponsorship. The alignment of incentives via token economic
structures opens up new realms for collaboration between creators and community supporters.
This also provides an opportunity of growth to many creators who were not able to have
chance to be supported to publish their content.

8

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Problem
Artists, the victim of
monopolized extractive
digital platform.

The digital content industry faces a deep problem of diminishing innovation and creativity as
young talents are not given enough spaces to grow, distribute, translate, and showcase their
works to the wider global community. Furthermore, the high platform fees reduce the income of
these creators and their production sustainability.
As a platform, securing as many pieces of work as possible at a low price is a major success
strategy. This is the result of the content industry’s feature, which has a burden of high risk/ high
return. Because the production cost required to produce one piece of work for individual creator
is smaller than that of a movie or a TV drama, the platform normally takes a strategy of increasing
the number of digital content to raise the probability of success. Since the market has been
reorganized to be driven by a small number of large platforms, displaced creators have begun
to provide low-cost, free-of-charge digital content just to be featured on these large platforms
platform.
On the creators’ side, being chosen by the large major platforms has a huge impact on
the success of their work. However, as the platforms become stronger, a lot of conflicts have
emerged between the platforms and the creators. Recently, many platforms and creators are
having disputes over sales settlement issues, copyright issues, and contractual problems due to
early termination, and these disputes have led to complaints between the creators or associations
representing them to demand for greater fairness from the platforms.

Weakened creator’s Power
•
•
•
•
•

Creators not having sufficient negotiating power to demand for lower fees for their creation.
Pricing model of digital content are entirely based off by central monopolies.
Promising and budding creators face high barriers to entry in terms of cost and sustainability.
Facing settlement process is slow and inefficient, creator cannot earn a consistent income.
Facing production cost issues for their work that leaves them to discontinue their work.

Extractive Monopolies
•
•

Digital content publishers or platforms have almost absolute control over an creators’
success in the digital content industry.
Monopolization over resources and access crowds out budding creators. The digital content
industry faces a deep problem of limited innovation and creativity as young talents are not
given the space to grow and showcase their work to the wider global community.

Due to increased production costs, competitive and aggressive marketing strategies to secure
high quantities of digital content, the competition structure has been changing rapidly. We are
seeing the digital content industry being driven by large Internet companies with huge capital
strength and traffic.

9

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Missing Community
•
•

The largest untapped resource today is the power of the community. Community fans and
loyal supporters form an integral part of an creator ’s success in the industry.
Gap between the community and the creator is mired in layers of communication barriers
and funding barriers.

Most of the tasks related to the success of work, ranging from the selection of work, arrangement
of manuscript fees, selection of promotional items, settlement, sublicense business, to overseas
advancement, are entirely handled by the platforms. In the creators’ view, under the current
industry structure where all the tasks other than the creation of work are done by the platform, it is
difficult for the creators, the core of the content industry, to ensure the transparency of the whole
process.
The creators should be able to showcase their creations to consumers without the entry
barriers, with full rights to their own creations. The creators should be able to work in a fair and
transparent manner in a free environment, eliminating other stakeholders’ intervention as much
as possible during this process. Diverse and creative work will be created only in such ecosystem.
A new distribution structure should be created, not centering on the platforms which are
monopolized but on the creators who is the core value of content.

Lack of Transparency
The lack of transparency and a central database that organizes information about digital content
that have created substantial problems when trying to determine the right owner in order to
arrange subsequent use of such objects. Information about copyright owners are scattered in
various databases of publishers, record companies, collecting societies, and other entities, which
do not have incentives to share it. Sometimes it is simply unavailable or its receipt is prohibitively
costly both from a timing and ﬁnancial perspective. All these create substantial transaction
costs for users of such digital content, who sometimes have even to refrain from using certain
copyrighted work due to its unclear legal status. Lack of transparency and publicity available
conveniently presented information about copyright ownership also impact authors and other
right owners, who do not receive remuneration for usage of their works or have to share such
remuneration with intermediaries, such as collective societies, which retain a substantial part of
such remuneration.

10

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Piracy and Infringement
Right owners cannot effectively control usage of their works on the Internet. Digital copies of
copyrighted works have the unique attributes of loss, less replication and near-zero transmission
costs. Digital copies are perfect replicas, each a seed for further perfect copies. There are no more
natural barriers to infringement, such as the expense of reproduction and the decreasing quality
of successive generations of copies in analog media. Today, anyone can easily undertake the kind
and extent of copying that would have required a signiﬁcant investment and perhaps criminal
intent only a few years ago. There is also no technological limit to the number of people who can
access such digital works simultaneously, from literally anywhere on the planet where there is an
Internet connection. Besides, modern Internet technologies enable sending information products
worldwide, cheaply and almost instantaneously. As a consequence, it is easier and less expensive
for individuals or pirates to make and distribute unauthorized copies. Sharing the work on the
Internet means losing control over it. If copyright belongs to an individual, he probably will not
know about the infringement. Moreover, if he did know about it, it is very burdensome to take
effective legal action about it.

11

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Our Solution
The entire concept is completely different from the conventional centralized operated
rights management system. By realizing this new concept, Piction Network aims to pioneer the
beginning of decentralized blockchain based global content digitization. By building the creatororiented content ecosystem on the blockchain technology, Piction Network seeks disruption
of the centralized business model for digital content currently dominated by the extractive
intermediaries and 'bring the power back' to the creators.
The digital world is undergoing a revolution and we want you to join us. The primary goal of Piction
Network is to the tackle the imbalance between creators, consumers, distributors, and all other
participants.
The largest untapped resource today is the power of the community. Community supporters will
form an integral part of an creator’s success in the industry. They also form a crucial role in helping
to fund, distribute, and translate an creator’s work to bigger markets. Blockchain can help to
reduce the gap between the community and the creator. In doing so, we return power back to the
creator and empower the community.
The authentic value of digital creations is in the content itself, not in platforms, and therefore,
the creators must have the full rights and controls over their creations. By disrupting the existing
structure whereby work cannot be presented without going through platforms, and by creating an
ecosystem in which the creators and community directly participate, the breadth of content can
be more diversified and the consumers can also access a variety of creative content.

Decentralized Digital Content Ecosystem
Helps creators to produce •
and consume a great
•
range of content
•
•

Returns full ownership to creators and grants creators freedom to decide on monetization
model and ownership rights
Allow creators to choose how to distribute benefits among various stakeholders who have
helped in the production and distribution of the content.
Disintermediate intermediaries in the digital content value chain and allow creators to earn
more from their work and effort.
Hasten the payment settlement process so that creators have consistent income.

There are millions of professionals creating digital content around the world, and many more
consumers. However, the content distribution system is generally controlled by few major
centralized agencies. For creators, it means giving up a large part of their revenues, and most of
their rights and control over content to distribution giants. Our solution to this issue is to create
a distributed peer-to-peer marketplace on the blockchain network. This ecosystem utilizes the
blockchain and develops specific smart contracts, which enables direct trading between content
creators and consumers based on a new licensing system.

Piction Network

12

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

From the beginning of time, content has been connecting two important groups of people: the
creators and the people who love their work. But over time, that relationship has been distorted
and monopolized. Today, we access our cultural content in a centralized way using servers
operated by centralized enterprises. This system concentrates financial and cultural power into
the hands of few, aided by the vast ecosystem of intermediaries, consisting of distributors and
promoters, lawyers and administrators. We believe that we can change this.
Piction Network gets rid of the middleman. No longer will content be demonetized or pirated.
By connecting creators directly to consumers and reinventing digital rights management in a
decentralised way – with blockchain technology – we are focusing on what matters: getting a
better deal for the people who matter. By building a new, self-sustaining culture economy, we will
breath the life into a new way of exchanging cultural assets. At the same time, Piction Network
innovation brings us back to our roots – to a time when there were just the creators , their
community and little else in between.
Through blockchain technology, Piction Network allows its creators and consumers to
trade directly without going through a centralized platform. This reduces platform fees and
gives creators the opportunity to earn more revenue. Blockchain also enables the creators to
transparently raise funds to cover their production costs to continue their creative activities. The
benefits from the creative activities become entirely attributable to the creators, and they can
also decide wholly how to distribute the benefits to various stakeholders who have helped in
translation, marketing and further distribution.

$

Creator

Platform

User

As Is

Creator

Platform

User

To Be

In Piction Network, a small amount of content transaction fee will be returned to the ecosystem
and incentivise the consumer who support the creator with PXL by getting payback from this
Creator Support Pool once a month commensurate with the individual payment amount. The
reward paid is not just a simple compensation, but it is expected to lead to a virtuous circle
structure, being used to continuously support the creative activities of the work or to discover
other content. As a result, it will help more creators to produce a greater range of content.

13

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Support by Community
Community support
budding artist

Creators require a stable production cost to eliminate the economic uncertainty in the production
of their work. In Piction Network, community members are able to safely support promising
budding creators
Digital content created by individual creator can be produced with relatively low production
cost. It does not cost much to build infrastructures necessary for creative work. However, it is a
labor-intensive activity, which requires investing considerable time in order to perform regular
work activities. Most of creators should spend their time not to raise the fund but to produce the
content. In other word, the creators need a stable income for production cost to eliminate the
economic uncertainty in the production of the work. So far, in the traditional industry, centralized
platforms have covered the costs in the form of minimum guarantee or manuscript fees or
advertisement revenue share. However, in Piction Network, the opportunity is open to anybody in
the ecosystem without restriction.
In Piction Network ecosystem, the creators post the synopsis and plans of their own content.
Community supporters who are interested in their work can support an creator ’s production by
giving PXL tokens. Supporters and the creators both agree on the revenue distribution model
before the funds are deposited. If consumer purchases content, the revenue according to the rate
agreed to with a smart contract will be distributed to the supporters automatically.
The creators can be funded according to the desired conditions by the community and
creators rather than the centralized platform. Such conditions include the amount of the
revenue share that will be provided to supporters as a benefit in return or fund distribution model
(monthly payment, weekly payment or milestone-based).
Community Supporters also manage content publications. Community Supporters serve the
role of Program Director, similar to conventional content businesses to consistently manage the
content production. If the content under management does not comply the plan or publicize
inappropriate content, the supporter may delay the payment of production sponsor under
agreement. Community Supporters will hold voting power proportionally to the amount they
sponsored the content.

14

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Greater Ancillary Support for Artists
Through token economy incentives, Piction Network will help creators to leverage the power
of the community. When Supporters of an creator help in marketing, translation, and outreach
beyond Piction Network to overseas markets and when these efforts convert into sales for the
creator , these supporters would be rewarded by PXL tokens.

Crowd
sourced
translator
End
user

CreatorCentered
Ecosystem

Community
supporter

Content
provider

Content
distributor

A decentralized ecosystem where every creator can conveniently and freely disclose and
sell their creations will be the foundation for more free and diverse content to generate
tremendous value. Moreover, the community can contribute to maintaining the platform
ecosystem by evaluating and inspecting the work in various ways. The community can carry out
the activities listed below.
The community can participate in content inspection “policy” activities to prevent harmful side
effects of decentralized content platforms and to keep the ecosystem healthy and free from
harmful content. Individuals who inspect content are referred as reporters, who report to Piction
Network Council when they find issues with content such as plagiarism, and vulgarity. Anyone in
the community can be a reporter.
Consumers can also take on a marketing role to help expand the market reach of an creator’s
work. Consumers who like the content can recommend the work directly inside and outside
Piction Network, and when the recommendation leads to sales, they will receive benefits at the
revenue distribution rate set by the creators. Creators not only can create the publicity effect of
their content through the consumers who recognize and like their work, but also determine the
rate of sharing the revenue, and so the creators can directly design a more flexible promotional
plan. When revenue sharing is favorable, social influencers with great influence online and have
market-reach abroad, will have incentives to help distribute their favorite content in a viral manner.
To help an creator expand the market further, community members who can translate can
participate in translation. Anyone can translate a content and receive certain rate of revenue by
that content. Translators are incentivized to improve the quality of translation to increase the sales
of translated content. They can also prove the credibility of their work to consumers and content
providers by revealing their work history.

15

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Greater Chance to participate for Consumers
In the meantime, in the content market, consumers have been granted only passive authority,
even though they play the most important role as consumers. As a result, consumers were
naturally excluded from the value generated by the creation of the content market and the
resulting revenue from the content market.
In recent years, channels have been created to collect consumer needs and feedback during
the pre-production stage of the production and in the series, but it is still too limited to represent
consumers' rights to determine final demand.
In the upcoming digital content market, we look forward to more active and proactive consumer
rights and roles to participate in creation, distribution, and final consumption. Piction Network
believes that consumers will be able to share the utility and value of content market directly or
indirectly through ecosystem participation. Our ultimate goal is to make consumers value the
content they actively sponsor and participate in.

16

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Transparent information
about copyright ownership
Creators benefit from
transparent copyright
ownership

Creators benefit from entirely new levels of transparency and retain large parts of the control
over their content. The lack of transparency and a central database that organizes information
regarding music, photos,, and other copyrightable digital content have long been causing
substantial problems when people try to determine the right owner to arrange the subsequent
use of such objects. Piction Network will solve this issue, as blockchain may substantially
increases the visibility and availability of the information regarding copyright ownership..
In other words, Piction Network’s blockchain-based marketplace allows creators to benefit the
most of distributing their content directly. By removing costly intermediaries, we aim to foster
the creators’ creativity and ensure that creators are compensated fairly for their original work.

Such information can be provided by means of so-called trusted timestamping. Thus, blockchain
can be very useful for deﬁning the presumption of authorship and resolving disputes as priority
in this sphere. This potential of blockchain in the IP sphere is already recognized in specialized
literature. Besides, if the register is based on blockchain, its copies are available for all users:
therefore the recordings relating to copyright ownership will not suddenly disappear with the
company maintaining the database. Immutability of blockchain ensures that the content of the
database will not be tampered with or otherwise compromised. It increases the trustworthiness
of recordings from blockchain and potentially this can be used as evidence in court in case of a
copyright dispute, although judges will have to pass a period of acclimatization for such kinds of
evidence, like for any new types of evidence based on technical innovation. It is worth noting that
services offering at least some of the functionalities described above and based on blockchain
technology are already becoming a reality.
Also, the main feature is that creators permit IP license directly to consumers. Piction Network
signs a digital distribution contract with creators, which includes a price range for licensing
the content, the license to be issued to users, and the distribution fee will be paid to the
ecosystem. Once digitally signed, the contract and its terms are immutable and can only be
changed with the consent of all parties. All licenses are registered and kept on the blockchain.

17

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Digital Content Copyright Management
Entire set of development
tools needed to build a
content-based ecosystem

Blockchain allows to individualize each digital copy of a copyrighted work. Piction Network will
revolutionize the digital content industry and fundamentally solve the issues of data ownership
and access control through the combination of blockchain infrastructure and technology. Piction
Network will securely initiate, store, and manage user identities and data access permissions.

Copyright Management
Payment
$

Digital
Marketplace

Rights

Author

Unique
licence

Consumer

Transaction record
Transaction registry

Intellectual Property Registration and Licensing
Help users secure their
copyrights

Creators will be able to register their digital content on our blockchain. This will help users
secure their copyrights and makes it easy for us to track both the licensed and the unlicensed
use of the digital content. The registry process and the identity of blockchain will contain an
encryption layer that protects the identity of our creators. It will also handle the registration of
digital content copyrights, since every digital content will need to be linked to the account that
it belongs to. Also, Piction Network blockchain technology will enable IP buyers to license digital
content through the use of smart contracts. This will automate the process of licensing and
greatly reduce administrative costs for all the parties involved. The blockchain will keep track of all
smart contracts and the licensing agreements included within them.

18

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

How It Works
Decentralized ecosystem sustain itself through works on aligned incentive, competition, and
governance to encourage good behavior and maximize value from each stakeholder.

Content
Provider

1st

Digital Content
Market
Content
Distributor

Works on aligned
incentive, governance.

2nd
Digital Content Market

User,
Supporter

Participants in Piction Network ecosystem are classified as content providers, consumers,
community supporters (such as reporters, marketers, translators), and content distributors. Each
stakeholder has the following objectives and get rewarded for each role they participate in.
Content providers, consumers, and community supporters are the main participants of Piction
Network ecosystem, producing and consuming digital content using PXL tokens, while creating
the value in Piction Network ecosystem. The roles of content providers, consumers, and
supporters are classified based on their functions. It is possible for an individual to hold multiple
roles and it is possible to act as a supporter or an consumer as well as a content provider and an
supporter at the same time.
Content Distributors lay the infrastructure for key participants to act in the ecosystem by using
the APIs and SDKs provided by Piction Network. They develop the user interface necessary for
consumer to view and purchase the content. The User interface may include modules other than
tools necessary for viewing the content, such as a system for sponsorship, reporting process, and
token wallet.
Piction Network Council governs the ecosystem to facilitate growth and fair competition between
the stakeholders of Piction Network ecosystem. The initial Council consists of the developing
team of Piction Network. But as time goes by, there will be 21 members from each group of
stakeholders.

19

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Community Stakeholders
Content Provider
It refers to individual or agency participants who produce and create digital content to make benefits,
so called creators. They create digital content and upload it to the Piction Network ecosystem to receive
benefits from sales. They can pitch their ideas to raise funds for the production cost for their work, and
be rewarded with PXL for the content that they sell. They are obliged to generate valuable content to
get the attention of consumers and investors.

Consumer
It refers to individuals who consume the produced digital content, participate as an individual reader,
and purchase the creators’ content with PXL or fiat.

Community Supporter
They help the creators to perform stable work activities in the production stage of the work. Community
supporters are stakeholders that sponsors content providers’ production cost. They act as microinvestors or donors rather than as simple consumers by contributing to the value of the content
through activities, such as the curation and value measurement of the content.
They can also be a marketers, reporters, or translators depending on their preferred type of contribution
to content creators. All supporters will be incentivized via token economic incentives to participate with
good behavior and adhere to their responsibilities.

Content Distributor
It refers to a provider that deals with the archiving, transmission of digital content, and fiat transactions.
While Piction Network will provide an SDK (software development kit) that contains the back-end codes
for the sponsorship, reporting, marketing, crowdsourced translation, and payments systems, Content
Distributors would still be required develop the front-nd UI (user interface) necessary for consumers.
The content distributors are largely classified into content hosting companies and fiat payment service
agencies, which are responsible for content archiving and transmission. Battle Entertainment will
be participating as the first core content distributor in Piction Network ecosystem and more content
distributors will join ecosystem as partnership expands.

Reporter
Reporters are stakeholders that controls the quality of content by reporting issues including plagiarism
and vulgarity.

20

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Marketer
Marketers are stakeholders that advertise digital content outside of Piction Network ecosystem and
receive a part of revenue from the sales of the content.

Crowdsourced Translator
Crowdsourced Translators are stakeholders that translate content created in one language into a
different language.

Piction Network Council
Piction Network Council is a stakeholder that facilitates fair competition as an adjudicator of
Piction Network. Within the council, there is a Governance Committee which determines important
governance issues within the ecosystem, like decision of important parameters of ecosystem, internal
judgement, intellectual property right and legal mesure, qualification of Content Distributors.

21

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Token Economy
Introduction
Piction Network's token set out to foster a healthy and trustworthy digital content industry
ecosystem. As a pioneer in creating new value for the digital content industry by applying
blockchain technology, Piction Network enables all participants to exchange reasonable values​​
based on credibility through the token economy. In this part, we describe the functions, features,
and roles of the token that constitute the economy of Piction Network.

PXL/PIC/ELE Token

PXL

PIC

Content
Provider

ting
rke
Ma
tion
pa
tici
Par

Co
ntr
ibu
tion
Par
tici
be pat
nefi ing
t

User
/Support

Payment
Creation

Content
Distributor

ELE

Pixel token (referred as “PXL”)
1) Utility of PXL
PXL (Pixel) is a utility token native to Piction Network and serves various utility functions as below:

2) PXL as Means of Exchange
Basically, PXLs are used as a means of exchanging utility values ​​paying for services within Piction
Network. Participants in Piction Network will use PXL to make payments if they want to play and
enjoy in the ecosystem. Also, if you participate in the ecosystem and provide your own resources
or services, you will be rewarded by PXL. In addition, participants can freely transfer and trade PXL
in the exchange market.

22

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

3) PXL as Means of Staking
PXL tokens are used as a means of staking to gain access to features of the Network. Key
stakeholders are required to stake designated amount of PXL for a certain period in order to
receive benefit.
For instance,
Content distributors are required to stake a designated amount of PXL on the Network to be able
to gain benefits of content distributorship.
Creators are required to stake a designated amount of PXL to the Network in order to expose their
content on content distributors platform to be displayed.
Reporters are required to stake a designated amount of PXL on the Network for a period of time in
order to make a report.

4) Flow of PXL Token
[Figure 1] shown below depicts how PXL flows within Piction Network’s economic system. The role
of each stakeholder and their interactions will be explained with more detail under ““Detailed Role
and Incentive System” chapter.

Picture Token (referred as “PIC”)
1) Utility of PIC Token
PIC is a token that supporters utilize to sponsor creators, and it represents a “sponsor certificate”
given to community sponsors or participants. Piction Network, decentralized content ecosystem,
which is aims to give talented, but unknown creators the opportunities to voluntarily perform up
to their capabilities.
Creators need support to sustain their creative work. In Piction Network, active supporters
provide sponsorship for creators to continue their work and grow more. When the creators
upload their works, the supporters decide to sponsor a particular piece of the art and they will
sponsor the works of the creators with PXL tokens. Subsequently, supporters receive a PIC token
as a certificate of sponsorship. Supporters can exchange the sponsorship certificate for PXL if
sponsorship is terminated or required.

23

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

2) PIC Token Features
PIC Token, Sponsorship Certificate, is impossible to be traded in the exchange market.
Sponsorship is issued exclusively through the Piction Network Connector. The connector
is designed to operate automatically based on a smart contract. Supporters with a sponsor
certificate, PIC, will be given incentives for their activities in the ecosystem.

Element token (referred as “ELE”)
1) Utility of ELE token
ELE token is issued to activate ecosystem along with partners. ELE token encourages many
users to join Piction Network ecosystem. In the initial stage, when users pay for contents on
Piction Network ecosystem partner channel, users receive the ELE token as compensation for
the payment action. If you receive an ELE token and collect more than a certain amount, you can
request to exchange it to PXL in Piction Network. Switching from PXL to ELE is not possible. ELE
token does not represent a currency, but an incentive.

2) Features of ELE token
ELE tokens can be exchanged for PXL. However, the total amount of PXL to be allocated ELE token
holder per period is fixed, but the total amount can be changed, subject to the decision of the
committee. Thus, if there is a high demand to exchange ELE token with PXL token, the percentage
of PXL token that can be received per ELE token is lower. It takes 48 hours to exchange ELE with
PXL. For example, if a million PXL are allocated per day, the number of people who apply for
exchange on any given day is divided by one million.
ELE token is not listed on an exchange market. Users who receive ELE from ecosystem partners,
such as Afreeca TV, Dungeon and Fighter, should come to Piction Network. Then, within Piction
Network, ELE can be exchanged for PXL. This way, users are encouraged to come to Piction
Network and use PXL. When ELE token holders from Piction Network's partners visit Piction
Network, Piction Network will be able to give more benefits to the participating activities such as
purchasing content and activating the community. ELE token will continue to be issued until token
foundation stops the payment, due to exhaustion of the user adoption pool or other reasons.

24

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Flow of PIC/ELE Token

25

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Detailed Role and Incentive System

Consumer

1) The Role of Consumer
Consumers participate in Piction Network and consume the content offered by content
distributors by purchasing it. As an initial onboarding strategy, Piction Network will offer both
fiat currency and PXL as payment methods for consumers that are not crypto-saavy. In Piction
Network ecosystem, the role of consumers is not limited to consumers, but they can also serve
multiple roles as community supporters, marketers, or reporters within the ecosystem.

2) Reward for Consumer (User Adoption System)
For the growth of Piction Network, it is very important to attract content creators as well as
consumers who will use PXL at the initial stage. Therefore, Piction Network constitutes a user
adoption pool for the initial user popularization. The User Adoption pool is designed to replace
PXL with ELE tokens that are provided as benefits when they make payments through partner
platforms using Piction Network. This is essential for the activation of Piction Network partner
channel.

3) The resources of the User Adoption Pool
First, 100 million PXL (10% of the total issued token) will be distributed to the user adoption pool
under the name 'Ecosystem User bounty'. This initially assigned user adoption pool will be used
to replace the ELE with PXL after Piction Network launched. Secondly, the user adoption pool also
will be generated from the 2% ~ 5% of content sales revenue. Also, the user adoption pool can be
procured from the Ecosystem Reserve by the Commission's decision.

26

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Content Providers

1) Role of Content Provider
•

Create Content | Content Providers create and provide content for consumers within Piction
Network ecosystem. Content Providers can be individual creators or content agencies
managing multiple individual creators. Content providers have the power to decide on the
terms and conditions of the sponsorships, such as the benefit distribution share from the
total sales amount. They can also raise funds to produce content on Piction Network.

•

Initial Deposit | All content providers deposit certain amount of PXL in deposit pool as initial
deposit when they are listing their content on Piction Network. This initial deposit incentivises
content providers to ensure that their content follows a set of rules and standards. Should the
content be found to break any rules, reporters will be able to flag the content. If the content is
confirmed to be breaking the rules, a portion of the initial deposit will be deducted and given
to reporters. The specific number of deposit is determined by Piction Network Council. If
there is no report before the end of the content sales, content providers will be refunded the
initial deposit.

2) Reward for Content Provider
Content providers in Piction Network receive maximum 61% of the benefit generated from
the content sales, which is above the average payout in the traditional platform dominated by
extractive monopolies in the digital content industry.

3) Settlement Methods for Creators
The content provider of Piction Network supports two types of settlement methods for the
revenue generated for the creator's content. The content provider of the fiction network supports
two types of settlement methods for the revenue generated for the creator's content. First,
the creator is settled in the fiat currency equivalent to the settlement rate received from the
existing platform, and the rest is settled in PXL. The exchange fee generated by the conversion of
cryptocurrency to fiat currency is paid by the creator himself. Second, there is a way for the creator
to pay the full amount of the content sales amount in PXL. In the case of the second settlement
method, the creator is paid an additional 5% of the content sales amount.

•

50% of fiat currency + 50% of PXL | The creator is entitled to 50% of the amount to be
settled in fiat currency, and the rest is settled by PXL. The service provider pays the creator
the amount deducted from the fees incurred in paying the exchange fee generated by the
conversion of cryptocurrency to fiat currency.

•

PXL 100% Settlement | When creators settle only with PXL, they contributed to stabilizing
the PXL value of Piction Network by reducing the flow of PXL in circulation. To kickstart Piction
Network ecosystem in the short term, content providers who choose to receive all payments
in PXL tokens will receive additional N% PXL tokens from the total revenue determined by
Piction Network Council. These N% PXL token will come from Piction Network Growth Fund.

27

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Supporters
Community Pool and DBC

1) Role of Supporters (Supporting System for Creators)
Supporters play the most important role in Piction Network. For the purpose of providing benefit
to community sponsors, Piction Network designs the Creator Supporter Pool. The resources for
the Creator Support Pool consist of the following: First, 15% of all paid content sales amount in
Piction Network will be accumulated in the Creator Supporter Pool. Through this, the growth of the
network, the growth of paid content sales amount, and the growth of creator influx will become a
virtuous cycle.s
Second, tokens allocated to the Ecosystem Reserve at the time of the initial issuance of tokens
are periodically accumulated in the Creator Support Pool. In the early days, when the paid content
sales were low, PXL was supported to solve the Chicken and Egg problem. However, since the
resources are not infinite, this support is set to decrease as the network continues to grow. The
amount of supported PXL will be determined by the foundation, after the release of the mainnet,
considering the economic conditions of the network.

2) Methods for Creators Support Pool distribution
The rewards accumulated in the Creator Support Pool are distributed by the popularity index
(P-Index) of the sponsored work. The P-index is a unique algorithm of Piction Network that
measures the popularity of specific content. The number of views, the number of comments, and
other factors are considered here.
Popularity Index (PI) = (reviews, likes, subscribers, referral link, payment amount, etc.)
Supporters who have a PICi for a particular work will be rewarded in the Creator Support Pool. The
reward cycle lasts one week. The level of compensation is determined by the relative size of the
P-Index of a particular work in the overall P-Index. Assuming that one supporter is sponsoring
several works, the specific compensation level can be expressed using the following formula.

28

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

R a...h : Compensation for supporters of works a, b, ... h
Pli : The popularity index of work i
Si : Percentage of PICi tokens of supporters to total issuance of PICi tokens
P : Amount collected in creators support Pool

3) How to distribute sponsored PXL
Supporter sponsored PXLs are tied to connectors, and this PXL grant is distributed to authors
once a week. For example, if 1% of the total recruitment PXL is supposed to be paid once a week for
creative grants, the PXL deposited on the connector will continue to be sent to the author's wallet
address in 1% increments. The artist can cash in this PXL and use it as a subsidy for his creative
activities.
Writers should be informed about how much donations they will recruit, how much they will be
given per week, and how much of the money will be left at the end. (You can find out more in the
full recruitment process through 1.5 DBC.)

4) Creating and distributing sponsorship (Discounting Bonding
Connector)
The arrangement on the Ecosystem where users can support content providers through transfers
of PXL and receiving PIC tokens in exchange, receiving PIC token amount is coming from the
transaction fee and reserve from Piction Network Ecosystem, not from the content revenue.
People who want to become supporters can receive a PIC by posting a PXL on the connector of
the work that they want to sponsor. At this time, the initial exchange ratio of PXL and PIC depends
on the artist. The issue volume of PIC is fixed at 10,000. The number of PICs is fixed, because they
can be divided into decimal points. Until 10,000 copies are issued, supporters receive a PIC at the
first exchange rate set by the artist. If the donation amount (PXL standard) is not collected during
the period set by the artist, the donation subscription will be canceled and the sponsor will be
returned the PXLs that they contributed.

5) Transfer of donation
A sponsorship (PIC) can be sold for money. To this end, the recipients of the PIC must disclose the
amount of sponsorship they wish to sell at the moment of payment. The amount for sale can be
changed at any time if the holder requests a change. However, if someone indicates that they are
willing to buy the amount of the sale that they declare, the sponsor (PIC) holders will have to sell
without choice.
Therefore, if there are people who still wish to receive sponsorships after all 10,000 initial
donations have been issued, they can make purchases at the price set by existing PIC holders. The
second buyer must always disclose the amount for sale.

6) PXL payment for creative support
The amount prescribed for the sponsorship will be deducted according to the rate set by the artist
and paid to the artist in the form of a contribution. Since the amount is constantly deducted, this
mechanism is called the Discounting Bonding Connector.

7) Liquidation of sponsorship
Even if you do not sell the sponsorship to someone else, the PIC holders can send a PIC to the
connector to get back the remaining PXL per PIC at any time. This is called the liquidation of
sponsorship. The price of the sponsorship (PIC) does not fall below the remaining PXL to PIC
exchange rate after the sponsor has paid the sponsorship.

29

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Full recruitment process through DBC
This chapter explains how the aforementioned DBC rules work in real life situations.

Step 01

Step 02

Step 03

Step 04

Sponsorship
preparation

Advance
Sponsorship

Starting publication
of work

Ending publication
of work

1) Steps to prepare for sponsorship
In the preparation phase for a sponsorship, the artist establishes conditions under which he or
she will receive the sponsorship. At this stage, the artist sets the following elements..
a. Informing the sponsors about his work and its serialization plan.
The artist discloses information about the work to increase the likelihood of a successful
sponsorship. The author freely discloses information about the works for which he wants to
receive sponsorship, such as plot, demo, and prologue. There is no mandatory amount or format
for the disclosure of information. However, supporters are unlikely to sponsor authors who do not
act faithfully, which means there is an incentive for authors to present the information in the most
persuasive sense.
b. Setting the amount of sponsorship (based on PXL) and the sponsorship period.
Sponsor size refers to the total amount of sponsorships you want to receive, and the sponsorship
period refers to the maximum period of the sponsorship. If the PXL is not sponsored by the artist
for a set period of time, the sponsorship will be automatically canceled and all PXLs backing the
content will be returned to their owners.
c. Determining the percentage of contributions (tap) to be paid to each week.
The percentage of PXL that will be paid to the author from the collected donations will be
determined every week. In order to reduce the cognitive costs of artists, the Foundation offers
several options, including 2%, 1%, and 0.5%.
The contribution per share (tap) refers to the decrease of the initial exchange rate over the same
time period. Let's say you were able to change PIC and PXL at a 1: 1 ratio at the beginning of the
connector. However, once the writer is paid 1% of the PXL deposited every week, the exchange
rate will drop to 1: 0.99 and 1: 0.98. Thus, if the supporter wants to settle the PIC at the connector
at the original exchange rate, the amount of PXL that can be returned is reduced. For example, in
a situation where a 10% liquidation of sponsorship occurs, the amount of sponsorship paid to the
artist is reduced by 10%.
Therefore, supporters will not want to receive sponsorship if their sponsorship is too high, and the
writer will set appropriate donation ratios considering the future expected returns of supporters.
d. Determining the size of the final donation after all the tap has been paid.
The artist sets up a deposit for the security of the PIC even after all taps have been paid. To reduce
the artist's cognitive costs, the Foundation offers several options, including 60%, 50%, and 40%.
This is the element that the artist directly sets for issuing the sponsorship (PIC). The number of
donations is 10,000 and the donation payment period is set to one week.

30

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

2) Sponsorship stage
Supporters place the PXL in the connector and receive the sponsorship (PIC) at the declared
exchange rate. Support with a PIC is mandatory for the sales amount. The sponsorship will
continue until all 10,000 PICs have been issued. If the amount of PXL deposited by the supporters
within the set time does not reach the amount of PXL set by the author, the PXL will automatically
be returned to the supporters and the sponsorship will be invalidated.

3) Progression stage
If the sponsor PXL recruited by the artist succeeds, (i.e. if 10,000 certificates are issued), the grant
money will start being paid out, and the writer will begin work on the series. If another supporter
wishes to purchase a PIC, the connector will transfer the ownership of the PIC (PIC) based on the
lowest selling price presented by the sponsor holder.
In case you do not want to sell the sponsor's certificate for a high evaluation of the future
prospects of the work, if you want to set the amount for sale higher than the current lowest price,
you evaluate the prospect of the work poorly and want to cash in the sponsor's certificate again,
we automatically set it to be lower than the present lowest price. Even if it is not listed on the
exchange, the balance price of the PIC is formed naturally, according to the market principles.
In situations where no supporter wants purchase a new sponsor (PIC), i.e. there is no demand
for sponsorships, the sponsor (PIC) can be returned to the PXL at the rate suggested by the
connector. This is called liquidation. Since liquidation exists, the equilibrium price does not fall
below the liquidation ratio. When the liquidation takes place, the total issue volume of PIC is
reduced to less than 10,000. If the number of PICs falls below 10,000, supporters who want to
purchase PICs may be eligible to receive PIXLs and PICs by using the current clearing rate.

4) End stage
As the series ends and the remaining life of the content decreases, the level of expected
compensation from the sponsorship (PIC) will decrease. Supporters who anticipate a reduction in
the level of compensation due to the termination of the series may sell the sponsorship to other
supporters or settle at the exchange rate provided by Connector in the absence of any further
buyers.

31

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Marketer

1) Role of Marketer
Marketers are stakeholders who voluntarily advertise content outside of Piction Network
Ecosystem and introduce new users to sign-up and make payment for the content. There is no
specific requirement in order to become a marketer.

2) Reward for Marketer
Content providers who wish to advertise their content may offer a revenue distribution rate to
marketers from 0 to 3%. Marketers decide whether the offered distribution rate is fair and can
choose to advertise the content. The performance of marketers is automatically accounted within
the system and the performance share will be sent to the account address designated by the
marketer.
The amount of reward to the marketer is proportionate to the amount that the new consumers’
payments in the channels provided by marketer. The reward will be allocated from the marketing
budget designated by the content provider.
For instance, let’s assume the content provider chooses to distribute 5% of the revenue as a
marketing fund. Out of 100 newly invited users from various marketers, 50 users from marketer
A’s efforts made payment, marketer A will receive 2.5% of the revenue. Marketers will receive their
reward once a month. If there has been no marketing performance during a month, the marketing
budget will be returned to the content provider.

3) Reward to the New consumer
The new consumers who sign-up to Piction Network through the URL provided by the marketer
will have access to the content once for free when they make their first payment. In addition,
content distributors can offer various benefits to new payment consumers at their own discretion
such as further discounts.

32

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Reporter

1) Role of Reporter
Reporters report to Piction Network Council when they discover issues with the content such as
plagiarism, and vulgarity. Every participant in the Network can become a reporter.

2) Reporting Process
Before reporting the issues of a content, the reporter should select one of the violations
suggesting by the interface. (ex. plagiarism, vulgarity, etc) Reporters should also turn in the
evidence and basis for their report. If necessary, the reporter can submit image files as evidence.
Submitted files will be judged in chronological order as valid, invalid, or insufficient evidence.

3) Registering as a Reporter
To prevent baseless reporting, reporters must stake a certain amount of PXL. Staked PXL will
remain in locked for 1 month. The amount of PXL Tokens to be staked for registration will begin at
1% of the total PXL transaction volume in Piction Network ecosystem during the previous month.
The staking fee will vary monthly depending on the previous month’s transaction volume and the
Council’s decision.

4) Rebalancing of the Registration Fee
The Council must take into account the following criteria for the monthly rebalancing of the
reporter staking fee:

•
•

The monthly staking fee must be lesser than the potential benefits that can be earned by the
reporter.
The staking fee must be sufficient to dis-incentivise malicious reporters from falsely
reporting legitimate content.

5) Reward for Reporters
If the reporting is determined to as valid, the reporter receives a reporting bounty from the
reporters’ bounty set aside by the content provider. Reporter can get a revenue distribution
rate(0%~3%) from contents provider. At the end of the month, the full amount of the staked PXL
tokens will be unlocked assuming that the reporter has not performed any malicious activity.
On the contrary, if the reporting is determined as invalid, the reporter loses a portion of their
staked deposit decided by the Council. If the reporting is determined to consistently submit
multiple reports with insufficient evidence despite warnings within the month, the reporter will be
disqualified for the month and have a portion of the staked PXL tokens deducted by the Council.
All deducted token will be transferred to the Ecosystem Growth Fund.

33

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Content Distributor

1) Role of content Distributor
•

Develop User Interface | While Piction Network will provide an SDK (Software Development
Kit) that contains the back-end codes for the sponsorship, reporting, marketing, crowdsourced
translation, and payments systems, Content Distributors will still be required to develop the frontend UI (user interface) necessary for consumers. The content distributors are largely classified
into content hosting companies and fiat payment service agencies, which are responsible for
content archiving and transmission.

•

Payments Gateway | As an initial onboarding strategy, Piction Network will offer both
fiat currency and PXL as a payment method for consumers that are not crypto-saavy. For
this reason, the content distributor will operate gateway to external exchanges to ensure
the liquidity between PXL and fiat. The amount paid in fiat will be exchanged into PXL.
Since the inflow and outflow of fiat currency will not be recorded on blockchain, the content
distributor should separately publicize them on Piction Network. Failure to disclose or forgery
of this information may deprive the content distributor of his rights, as determined by Piction
Network Council.

•

Publicize Curated Content | If there is promising digital content on Piction Network, Content
Distributors may choose to expose them by featuring them on their own platform. Any purchases
done by the underlying users on the native platform will be done via PXL Tokens and fiat.

2) Reward for content Distributor
•

Platform Usage Fee | Because content Distributors can help to further publicize a Content
Provider’s content, content Distributors take about 12-20% out of the total revenue. For popular
content, content distributor may reduce the fee rate. Or, if the content distributor has a negotiation
power because of their platform’s large user base, the Content Distributor may raise the fee rate
and earn additional revenue from it.

3) Requirements of Content Distributors
•

Decision by Piction Network Council | The Council will assess the validity of Content Distributors
based on the platform’s user interface, payments gateway system (after integrating Piction
Network’s SDK) and user base size.

•

PXL Deposit | Rights to be a Content Distributor depends on the following conditions: Content
Distributor has to stake a portion of PXL tokens. The minimum stake would be determined by the
Council. Content Distribution rights and exposure period will depend on the amount of PXL tokens
staked.
After the exposure on their native platform is over, the content provider receives 1/n amount of the
stakeover n days. The number n is determined by the Council.

•

Fiat Transactions | In case of fiat transaction, all content distributors in Piction Network must
comply with the Council’s decision on the frequency of disclosure of sales and data regarding
each content. This enables an ecosystem where content revenue settlement is conducted in a
transparent manner.

34

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Crowdsourced Translator
1) Role of Crowdsourced Translator
Crowdsourced translators translate a content created in one language to another language and
share it on Piction Network. In Piction Network’s ecosystem, anyone can translate a content and
receive certain rate of profit according to the agreement between the translator and the content
provider.
Crowdsourced translators can take on the role of a marketer by helping to distribute the translated
content. In doing so, they can negotiate for a better revenue sharing arrangement with the content
provider. However, translators also need to deposit a reporters’ bounty so that reporters can report
any wrongly translated content.
Crowdsourced translators are incentivized to improve the quality of translation to increase the
sales of translated content. They also can enhance the credibility of their work to consumers and
content providers by revealing their work history.

2) Reward for Crowdsourced Translator
Content provider can collaborate with translators by clarifying the rate of revenue translator will
gain if the content is sold after translation. Translators translate content and gain revenue in
accordance with the proposed rate by the content provider from 0~3%.
If a content provider does not specify the rate of revenue, translators gain a minimum of 1 percent
fee as the revenue for the translated content. The minimum rate can be altered by Piction Network
Council.

3) Request to Stop the Translation
Content providers can check the list of translated content. If a provider wants to stop translators
from translating additional content, he can ask the Council to suspend the translation by sending
a reason for the suspension. The Council decides whether the translation for the requested
content should be suspended or not.

35

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Piction Network Council
1) Role of Piction Network Council
Piction Network Council is the adjudicator of the Ecosystem who facilitates the ecosystem growth,
fair play and competition among the stakeholders of Piction Network. Within the council, there
is a Governance Committee which determines the important governance issues within Piction
Network.

•

Decision of Important Parameters within Piction Network | The Council determines
the minimum PXL deposit required to be a content distributor, the maximum number of
insufficient evidence reporting allowed, the minimum deposit required for publication, the
gravity of punishment for invalid malicious reporting, and other important issues regarding
Piction Network.

•

Internal Judgement | The Council decides valid/invalid/insufficient evidence for the
reported content. They also determine whether the translation of a content should be
suspended or not.

•

Intellectual Property Right Management and Legal Measures | The Council takes legal
measures when the content are exploited outside of Piction Network without permission.
Council also takes other legal measures regarding the intellectual property rights of Piction
Network.

•

Develop SDK for Content Distributors.

•

Council develops SDK for content distributors who intend to build modules within the
Network.

•

Qualification of Content Distributors.

•

Piction Network Council verifies which content distributors are eligible to provide the
service.

2) Reward for Piction Council
Council does not directly receive revenue from the revenue of the content. However, they own PXL
token so that they have the incentive to increase the value of PXL through growing the ecosystem.

3) Decentralization of Piction Network Council
The initial Piction Network Council members consist of the developer team of Piction Network.
As the time goes by, there will be seven members from content distributors and seven members
from content providers with the most token will become the member of the Council. For example:

•

There will be 7 members from the Content Distributors group.

•

There will be 7 members from the Content Providers group.

•

There will be 7 members who are the top sponsors of content providers.

There will be a total number of 21 members, seven members from content providers who have
generated the most revenue on the Ecosystem will become members of the Council.

36

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

4) Ecosystem Pool
The Ecosystem Pool is composed of 10% of total content sales. For an ecosystem to settle, the
actual operation of Piction Network and the implementation of costs are essential. The Ecosystem
Pool will be used primarily as an operating expense for running Piction Network. Proper price
formation of PXL is also important for a stable ecosystem. Therefore, if necessary, incineration of
PXL is also possible within the scope of the Ecosystem Pool. The Ecosystem Pool can be recruited
as an ecosystem reserve by the committee's decision, if necessary.

37

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Secondary Creation Market through IP Pool

Consumer
One of the prominent characteristics of the digital content market is the organic relationship
with the creator and the reader. Readers simply do not just consume digital content on a onetime basis, but they constantly leave feedback on creator’s work with comments or tweets.
Readers simply do not just consume digital content on a one-time basis, but they constantly leave
feedback on their work with comments or tweets.
Another most remarkable characteristic is the second creative activity. For example, the webtoon
fan cafe would be as if it existed for a secondary creative market that will be in the future. There is
a very active activity for the second creative among the fans.
The IP pool of Piction Network exists for the secondary creative market. The IP pool is responsible
for bringing all participants into the token ecosystem on the secondary creative work related to IP
in the digital contents market. The Creator Support Pool is the basis for sponsoring and sharing
the primary market generated during the digital content production process. On the other hand,
the IP pool supports the token economy, in which the IP of digital content is expanded into a
second digital creation such as movies, games, and novels.

1) Resources of IP Pool
In the initial phase, the resources of the IP Pool will be covered from the ecosystem reserve. Once
it is determined that the digital content created in Piction Network ecosystem is produced as a
secondary creative, and the contract for the secondary creative is concluded, the related price will
be received by the silver PXL.The IP Pool allows the contracted PXL tokens to be shared with the
content creators and supporters.

2) Operation of IP Pool
When a PXL is imported as a secondary contract of digital content IP, it is connected to the
corresponding PXL-PIC connector, allowing the creators and supporters to enjoy the profit equally.
If all settlement of the PIC has already been completed before the second contract of IP, the IP Pool
concludes the second contract as a proxy and settles the PXL at the rate agreed upon between
the author and the IP pool. In this case, the PXL drawn into the IP pool is used as the specification
of the PXL incineration.

38

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Participation Scenarios

Content Providers

Creation

A is a renowned author with success in production of multiple content. However, A had an issue
with the revenue distribution of the conventional platform who receives most of the revenue. A
heard about Piction Network in which the authors can receive up to 61% of the revenue from sales
and decided to publicize the work on the Ecosystem.
A made such a success from the publication that he did not need additional support from the
supporters. Content Distributor was able to enjoy the increased traffic in exchange for greater
revenue for A.

Supporting

A initially received the reward in both Korean Won and PXL. If A received all of the revenue in PXL,
there could be additional certain % of upside revenue distribution from the Ecosystem Growth
Fund. Since A believed that the value of PXL will increase over time, A decided to receive the entire
reward in PXL.

Reporter
B is a content provider in Piction Network Ecosystem. B thinks that his benefit is shrinking because
the competing content is taking the lead. B decided to report the issues of the competing content
and to raise the revenue from his own content.
B budgeted a pool to collaborate with many users and defame the competing content by
reporting it. The users who collaborated with B took necessary steps by staking the registration
fee and reporting the competing content.
The committee of council reviewed this illegitimate report and decided that the reporting is
invalid. Because B intended to cause harm to the competing provider by falsely reporting the
content, B will lose his stake.

Community Supporter
C is a new author. C believes that C’s new publication will have great impact to the market, but
has production cost financing issues financial production costs due to the lack of financial
sustainability. C heard about supporters system in Piction Network and decided to publish C’s
work with the financial support from the supporters. C made a portfolio that depicts C’s vision,
which includes a detailed representation of his digital cartoon.
In order to consistently publish the work for once a week for the next twenty weeks, C assessed
that C needs 3,000 USD as production fee. C offered 30% of the entire revenue to be distributed
to the supporters and raised 2,100 USD within a month. The sponsorship was not as high as C
expected but C adjusted the production period as 14 weeks instead of the initial 20 weeks and
launched the project.

39

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

C received 150 USD each week and started to produce the work once a week. After 7 weeks has
passed, however, C did not publish the work as promised and the majority of the supporters
decided to delay the payment. C explained the situation to supporters and promised to be diligent
in producing the work. Afterwards, supporters agreed to pay their sponsorship again.

Translation

Report

Distribution

$
Marketing

C deposited 2% of the sponsored amount to reporters' bounty to ensure that C will not violate any
regulation in the future. By the time C finished the publication, there were no legal issues including
plagiarism and other legal standards. C was able to receive back all of the reporters' bounty.
C earned the total of 10,000 USD during the 14 weeks of production. To repay the supporters, C will
need to distribute 3,000 USD back to the initial group of supporters. Thereafter, the initial group
of supporters can start receiving a percentage of the recurring revenue from whatever revenue is
generated from the digital content.
In addition to that, to show gratitude, C consistently used the names of the supporters as the
character names within the digital content.

Marketer
D is a personal blogger who works as a marketer in Piction Network. D figured out that the content
that D was interested in allocated 10% of budget to marketing and decided to advertise the
content on the content to overseas markets on the content provider’s behalf.
D used a URL linked to the digital content generated by Piction Network and shared it with his
overseas community or fans. The total number of new consumers that flowed into the Network
was 200 and out of them, 100 new consumers introduced by D made a payment. There was a total
revenue of 2000 PXL incurred for the content. Out of the 200 PXL, which is 10% of the revenue, D
received 200 PXL as marketer’s reward.

New Content Distributor
E is a famous E-commerce company in Korea which has 2 million user base. They were striving
to retain more consumers on their own platform. They pondered whether they should launch a
digital comics service, but it is not easy to sustain digital content and support their own group
of content providers on its own. However, they realized that they can be a content distributor on
Piction Network without worrying about how to retain their own content providers.
After integrating the SDK provided by Piction Network, and developing the payments gateway
and other settlement layers, E was able to pass the requirement of the committee because the
company was already running an E-commerce platform. In order to become a content distributor,
E needs to stake some PXL, as decided by the Council. However, the company decided that it was
less costly to stake PXL than to run an entirely separate digital comics service. Thus, the company
decided to purchase PXL and stake it to become a content distributor.
Unlike conventional content distributors, E plans to offer more revenue sharing to the content
providers. Now that E has featured popular digital content on their e-commerce platform, they can
better retain consumers and earn more revenue on their platform without spending upfront cost
in developing their own group of native platform content creators.

40

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Crowdsourced Translator
Translator F is a university student who is fluent in Chinese. While F was viewing a digital content
on Piction Network, F thought the content is well suited for Chinese consumers. Incidentally, the
content provider proposed 30% of revenue for translated content.
F realized that there was other translated content, but there was not enough attraction drawn to
the content due to their poor translation and the lack of proper marketing. F started to publish
higher quality of translated content in Chinese. As a result, the content attracted many viewers
from the Chinese market as F expected and generated the total of 100,000 PXL as revenue from
translated content. From this, translator F received the amount out of 30,000 PXL.
From this experience, F realized the potential earnings that can be made as a crowdsourced
translator on Piction Network and decided to continue to seek interesting content and work as
translator to gain more revenue.

41

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Technical Considerations
Piction Network is built on the Ethereum Network basis. In a centralized system, the rules will
be maintained only in the trust relationship with a central entity, and there is no guarantee that
the economy will remain impartial. Piction was triggered based on the recognition of a lack of
trust among participants in the digital content industry. The interests of the participants in the
industrial ecosystem should be dealt with on a reliable basis.

Application
Wallet

Sevice API

Platform
Platform APIs

Blockchain Module

Database Module

Service Module

Blockchain
Token

Account

Data

Blockchain Network
PXL is implemented with an ERC-20 token issued on the Ethereum platform.
This ecosystem requires transparent and prompt distribution of goods between creators,
consumers, and supporters. The consumers must be able to verify that the properties used have
been fully paid to the content creators, and the creators must be able to receive the money paid
immediately without a weekly or monthly settlement procedure. In addition, the supporters who
allow the creators to stay creative must also be able to receive some of the benefits generated
by the creators’ content transparently and immediately, depending on their contribution to the
creators prior to the publication of the content.
If the implementation of a contract depends on the fulfillment of the contractual parties, the
reliability of the contract may be threatened. Therefore, agreements must be concluded in
advance via the system without involvement by any external contractual party. This can only be
achieved by smart contracts based on Ethereum.
The creators can recruit supporters during the pre-production period of their work. According to
the pre-production conditions, including the revenue sharing ratio when the minimum production
cost work is sold, ecosystem contracts are constructed and the corresponding smart contracts
are distributed to the system. The smart contracts are concluded between the creators and the
supporters by the supporters sending tokens to the creators’ accounts, and after the release and
sale of the work begins, the benefits of each sale are automatically distributed by the contracts.

42

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Network Architecture
Piction Network offers SDK and API to implement consumer interface for Content Distributors.
Any application service built on Piction Network can serve digital content on Piction ecosystem. To
provide foundation to Network Piction Network’s architecture is made up of three layers.

Core Layer
It refers to the Piction Nework's blockchain layer. It uses Ethereum and Klaytn as a base protocol,
and ecosystem contracts, such as purchases and investment, are driven by smart contracts in the
EVM environment. The core layer consists of the definitions of the smart contracts related to the
distribution and deposit of the benefits from the purchases of the creations, and the contracts are
presented by the creators and concluded by the participation of the community or supporters.

Service Layer
It refers to ecosystem contracts where key features, such as ecosystem purchases, publication,
investment, etc., are implemented. Relay or proxy layer will be implemented on service layer to
make querying and fetching data from blockchain easy.

Application Layer
It refers to Dapps to be used by the Piction users, consisting of ecosystem clients, marketplaces,
SDK, API etc. Piction Network partner’s application interact with network through application layer
interface to blockchain. This layer will unburden partners from interfacing directly to blockchain
network and will improve UX for developers.

43

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Content Copyright and Distributed Transmission

Copyright Protection
Digital content, which mainly takes the form of images or text, is vulnerable to piracy and theft.
Image and text files are easily copied and distributed. Therefore, frameworks and technologies
to protect the copyright of creations are desperately required for creators. The blockchain is a
technology that makes it virtually impossible to forge or tamper data, and thus it is very likely to be
used as ownership proof of copyright. Piction Network will keep track of all smart contracts and
the licensing agreements. Furthermore, since all the digital contents are registered in the fiction
network, the identity is recorded, and this is linked to the smart contract, all the copyright holders
and adjacent owners can be all recorded and tracked. Utilizing the technology of blockchain, it is
possible to prove each individual's rights and facilitate the protection of creator's rights.

Distributed Transmission
It is important to safely store and quickly transmit creators’ content. Piction Network delivers
content to consumers using the centralized server of content distributors in order to overcome
the aforementioned limitation. The existing internet network is far superior in terms of data
transmission speed, and replacement by the blockchain technology in a short period of time is
difficult.
In the long term, when the infrastructure is ready and more applicable that it becomes able to
replace existing Internet Networks, Piction Network will migrate to another service layer. One such
example is the IPFS system where all computing devices will be connected to the identical file
system, and the file data itself will be controlled as a distributed version. This has the same basic
characteristics of the data structure of the blockchain.

44

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Token Sales Plan

Total Sum and Allocation
The total sum of 1,000,000,000 PXL token will be issued to build Piction Network and sustain
Piction Network ecosystem. 25% of the PXL token (250,000,000 PXL) will be distributed via Private,
and Public sale. 10% of total issued tokens will be allocated to ecosystem partners, which will be
used for attracting partners for future ecosystem expansion and attracting institutional investors.

Distribution
The following are the distribution of the tokens:

Reserve, 12%
ICO, 25%
Marketing/ETC 10%
Airdrop 3%

Ecosystem
growth fund 15%

Team & Advisory, 15%

Ecosystem
Ecosystem
bounty, 10%
partner, 10%

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Initial Coin Offering: 25%
Ecosystem Growth Fund: 15%
Ecosystem Bounty: 10%
Ecosystem Partner: 10%
Team and Advisor: 15%
Airdrop: 3%
Marketing/ETC: 10%
Reserve: 12%

45

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

The recruited fund will be used as a following plan:

Product
Development, 20%
Reserve, 32%

Securing Seed
Content, 25%
Legal and
Compliance 3%

•
•
•
•
•
•

Service
Operation, 10%
Marketing
& PR, 10%

Product Development : 20%
Securing Seed Content: 25%
Marketing & PR: 10%
Service Operation and Maintenance: 10%
Legal & Compliance: 3%
Reserve: 32%

At Picton Network’s initial stage, securing content and creator is key to the success of the project.
Reserve fund will be used to secure more content and make that content to expand to overseas
markets.

46

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Roadmap

BIZ

TECH
POC(Proof of Concept) test
release

4Q 18'
1Q 19'

ICO, Listing

v0.1 Alpha version release

2Q 19'

Airdrop, Ecosytem Partnership,
Phase1(Cartoon/Novel), Korea&China

Beta v0.5 version release

3Q 19'

v1.0 version release

4Q 19'

User Expansion, Phase2 (Game IP),
Japan & Other Asia

2020

Phase3 (Movie), US/EU

2021

Phase4 (Music),
Latin America & Other area

Biz Part
2019 1Q
•
•

In the first quarter of 2019, Piction Network will proceed ICO and conduct listing on the
exchange. The listing will be conducted in the several renowned Korean and overseas
exchange markets.
Also, we will secure seed users through airdrop activities. Also, we are planning to enter into a
partnership with global major game companies.

2019 2Q
•

•

We intend to expand our ecosystem partnership, which has own unique market scope in
each area and a large number of users. We intend to aggressively engage a large number of
users who will participate in creators, funding, marketing, and translation in order to ensure
that Piction Network operates successfully and successfully.
Geographically, Piction Network begins from Korea and China. Also, based on content
category, it starts in the field of webtoon /web novel.

2019 3/4Q
•
•

We plan to concentrate production of secondary creative based on game IP. It is also proven
through the experience and history of Battle Comics, which has accumulated 18 million users
in Korea.
We aim to expand into other regions such as Japan, Southeast Asia.

47

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

2020
•
•

Ecosystem Expansion Phase, we plan to expand to the digital content market such as
short clip movies. Video is the largest market for the type of content that Piction Network is
planning, where fairly advanced plans are developed every day.
Physical region expansion will be focused on the United Stated and the EU.

2021
•
•

We target expanding to the music market, which is the most popular and beloved content.
Physical regional expansion will be focus on other underdeveloped areas such as Latin
America and Africa. After 2021, the world becomes the service area of Piction Network.

Tech Part
2018 Q4: POC(Proof of Concept) test release
•
•

The POC of Piction Network launched. Core layer of Piction Network, including transactions,
reliability of supporter smart contracts, and prevention of attacks will be tested and verified
to evaluate the credibility of the ecosystem.
The simplest form of the marketplace, where direct content transactions are available, will
also be tested.

2019 Q1: v0.1 alpha version release
•
•

We will secure content that will be the seeds of the ecosystem and conduct trial sales of the
content.
Supporter and influencer smart contracts will be released. We will facilitate support content
based on the seed content.

2019 Q2: beta v0.5 version release
•
•

Piction Network beta version will be released on mainnet.
Base protocol will be determined, and SDK and API also will be announced.

2019 Q3: v1.0 version release
•

Piction Network will launch the full version that enables the entire content creation process,
from content registration and supporter recruitment to sales.

48

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Team
Piction Network is led by Battle Entertainment. The team has run digital content business
successfully in Asian for 5 years. Battle Entertainment is trusted by leading enterprises in Korea
such as Smilegate, Industrial Bank of Korea and well-known VCs. The lump-sum funding amount
is 9 million USD.
We have a total of 60 people in the team both Korean and Chinese, in the team. Each member have
specializes in the digital content industry, such as content producers, translators, developers.
We've run business successfully for 5 years both in Korea and China.
We have experiences with digital content business not just platform, but also content creation
and distribution in Korea and China.
The Battle Entertainment will be the first Digital Content Distributor and Content Provider applied
to Piction Network.
On the Content Distributors side, 1M existing users of Battle Comics will be the first community
member of Piction Network with simple agreement of terms. Battle Entertainment team who runs
Battle Comics will make this centralized digital comics platform into a decentralized ecosystem
with Piction Network as a partner.
On the Content Provider side, Battle Entertainment’s own contents and +100 agencies’ one will be
published to Piction Network as we will be the first content provider.

49

v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Legal Disclaimer

Please read this entire section carefully. If you are in any doubt as to the action
you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax or other professional
advisor(s).

1.1 Legal Statement

(a) This Whitepaper (“Whitepaper”), in its current form, is circulated
for general information purposes only in relation to the platform and applications
described in the Whitepaper (“Platform”, “Piction” or “Piction Network”) as
presently conceived and is subject to review and revision. Please note that this
Whitepaper is a work in progress and the information in this Whitepaper is current
only as of the date on the cover hereof. Thereafter, the information, including
information concerning [Piction] [please insert full name of the company that will
run the platform] (“PICTION PTE. LTD. ” or the “Company”) business operations and
financial condition may have changed. We reserve the right to change, modify, add
or delete parts of this Whitepaper or website without notice for any reason or at any
time.
(b) No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal
commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the tokens native to the Platform (
“PXL” or “Token”) (as defined below) and no payment is to be accepted on the basis
of this Whitepaper. Any sale and purchase of the Token will be governed by a legally
binding agreement, the details of which will be made available separately from
this Whitepaper. In the event of any inconsistencies between the abovementioned
agreement and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
(c) This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion
on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the issuer/distributor/vendor
of the Token to purchase any Token nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its
presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or
investment decision.
(d) The Tokens are not intended to constitute securities, units in a
business trust, or units in a collective investment scheme, each as defined under
the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, or its equivalent in any other
jurisdiction. Accordingly, this Whitepaper therefore, does not, and is not intended to,
constitute a prospectus, profile statement, or offer document of any sort, and should
not be construed as an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units
in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation
for any form of investment in any jurisdiction.
(e) No Token should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as
enabling, or according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive
benefits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with
the Platform, the Token, or products, or to receive sums paid out of such benefits,
income, or other payments or returns.
(f) This Whitepaper or any part hereof may not be reproduced,
distributed or otherwise disseminated in any jurisdiction where offering coins/
tokens in the manner set out this Whitepaper is regulated or prohibited.
(g) No regulatory authority has reviewed, examined or approved of
any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be
taken in any jurisdiction.
(h) Where you wish to purchase any Token, the Tokens are not to be construed,
interpreted, classified or treated as: (a) any kind of currency other than
cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any entity; (c) rights,
options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; (d) rights
under a contract for differences or under any other contract with the purpose or
pretended purpose to secure a revenue or avoid a loss; or (e) units or derivatives in a
collective investment scheme or business trust, or any other type of securities.

1.2 Restrictions on Distribution and Dissemination

(a) The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part
thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws or regulatory requirements of
any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself
about, to obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and to observe, any restrictions
which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as
the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to the Company or its
representatives, agents, and related companies (“Affiliates”).
(b) Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed
or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in
their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise
distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose
whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.

50

1.3 Disclaimer of Liability

(a) The Token, the Platform and related services provided by the
Company and its Affiliates are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The
Company and its Affiliates do not grant any warranties or make any representation,
express or implied or otherwise, as to the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy,
adequacy, or completeness of the Token, the Platform or any related services
provided by the Company and its Affiliates, and expressly disclaim any liability for
errors, delays, or omissions in, or for any action taken in reliance on, the Token, the
Platform and related services provided by the Company and its Affiliates.
(b) The Company, its Affiliates and its directors, officials and employees
do not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty
or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and
completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.
(c) To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws and
regulations, the Company and its Affiliates shall not be liable for any indirect, special,
incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise
(including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or benefits, and loss of use
or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this
Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.

1.4 Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements

(a) Certain information set forth in this Whitepaper includes
forward-looking information regarding the future of the project, future events
and projections. These statements are not statements of historical fact and may
be identified by but not limited to words and phrases such as “will”, “estimate”,
“believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, or words of similar meaning. Such forwardlooking statements are also included in other publicly available materials such as
presentations, interviews, videos etc., information contained in this Whitepaper
constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited to future results,
performance, or achievements of the Company or its Affiliates.
(b) The forward-looking statements involve a variety of risks and
uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and no
undue reliance should be placed on them. Should any of these risks or uncertainties
materialise, the actual performance and progress of the Company or its Affiliates
might differ from expectations set by the forward-looking statements. The Company
or its Affiliates undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
should there be any change in circumstances. By acting upon forward-looking
information received from this Whitepaper, the Company or its Affiliates’ website and
other materials produced by the Company or its Affiliates, you personally bear full
responsibility in the event where the forward-looking statements do not materialize.
(c) As of the date of this Whitepaper, the Platform has not been
completed and is not fully operational. Any description pertaining to and regarding
the Platform is made on the basis that the Platform will be completed and be fully
operational. However, this paragraph shall in no way be construed as providing any
form of guarantee or assurance that the Platform will eventually be completed or be
fully operational.

1.5 Potential Risks

By purchasing, holding and using the Tokens, you expressly acknowledge and
assume the risks set out in this section If any of these risks and uncertainties
develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects of the Company or its Affiliates may be materially and adversely
affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the Token. Such risks
include but are not limited to the following:
Risks Relating to the Tokens
(a) There may not be a public or secondary market for the Tokens
(i)The Tokens are intended to be native tokens to be used on the Platform, and the
Company and its Affiliates have not and may not actively facilitate any secondary
trading or external trading of Tokens. In addition, there is and has been no public
market for the Tokens and the Tokens are not traded, whether on any cryptocurrency
exchange or otherwise. In the event that the Tokens are traded on a cryptocurrency
exchange, there is no assurance that an active or liquid trading market for the
Tokens will develop or if developed, be sustained. There is also no assurance that the
market price of the Tokens will not decline below the purchase amount paid for the
v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

Tokens, which is not indicative of such market price.
(ii) A PXL is not a currency issued by any central bank or national, supra-national or
quasi-national organisation, nor is it backed by any hard assets or other credit. The
Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for nor do they pursue the circulation
and trading of the Tokens on the market. Trading of the Tokens merely depends on
the consensus on its value between the relevant market participants, and no one is
obliged to acquire any Token from any holder of the Token, including the purchasers
of the Tokens, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity or market price of the Tokens
to any extent at any time. Accordingly, the Company and its Affiliates cannot ensure
that there will be any demand or market for the Tokens, or that the price upon which
the Tokens were purchased is indicative of the market price of the Tokens if they are
made available for trading on a cryptocurrency exchange.
Risks Relating to the Company, its Affiliates and the Platform
(a) Limited availability of sufficient information
(i) The Platform is still at an early development phase as of the date of this
Whitepaper. Its governance structure, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm,
code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters may
be updated and changed frequently without notice. While this Whitepaper contains
the key information currently available in relation to the Platform, it is subject to
adjustments and updates from time to time, as announced on the Company’s
website. Purchasers will not have full access to all the information relevant to the
Tokens and/or the Platform. Nevertheless, it is anticipated that significant milestones
and progress reports will be announced on the Company’s website.
(b) The digital assets raised in the sale of the Tokens are exposed to
risks of theft
(i) Whilst the Company and its Affiliates will make every effort to ensure that the
ETH received from the sale of Tokens are securely held through the implementation
of security measures, there is no assurance that there will be no theft of the
cryptocurrencies as a result of hacks, mining attacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks,
distributed denials of service or errors, vulnerabilities or defects on such blockchain
addresses, the Ethereum Blockchain, or any other blockchain, or otherwise. Such
events may include, for example, flaws in programming or source code leading to
exploitation or abuse thereof. In such event, even if the sale of Tokens is completed,
the Company and its Affiliates may not be able to receive the cryptocurrencies
raised and the Company and its Affiliates may not be able to utilise such funds
for the development of the Platform, and the launch of the Platform might be
temporarily or permanently curtailed. As such, the issued Tokens may hold little
worth or value. The Tokens are uninsured, unless you specifically obtain private
insurance to insure them. In the event of any loss or loss of value of the Tokens, you
may have no recourse.
(c) The blockchain address(es) may be compromised and the digital
assets may not be able to be retrieved
(i) The blockchain address(es) are designed to be secured. However, in the event that
the blockchain address(es) for the receipt of purchase amounts or otherwise are, for
any reason, compromised (including but not limited to scenarios of the loss of keys
to such blockchain address(es), the funds held at such blockchain address(es) may
not be able to be retrieved and disbursed, and may be permanently unrecoverable.
In such event, even if the sale of the Tokens is successful, the Company and its
Affiliates will not be able to receive the funds raised and the Company and its
Affiliates will not be able to utilise such funds for the development of the Platform,
and the implementation of the Platform might be temporarily or permanently
curtailed. As such, distributed Tokens may hold little worth or value.
(d) There is no assurance of any success of the Platform and the
Company and its Affiliates may cease the development, launch and operation of
the Platform.
(i) The value of, and demand for, the Tokens hinges heavily on the performance
of the Platform. There is no assurance that the Platform will gain traction after
its launch and achieve any commercial success. The Platform has not been fully
developed, finalised and integrated and is subject to further changes, updates
and adjustments prior to its launch. Such changes may result in unexpected
and unforeseen effects on its projected appeal to users, and hence impact its
success. There are no guarantees that the process for creating the Tokens will be
uninterrupted or error-free.
(ii) While the Company has made every effort to provide a realistic estimate, there
is also no assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised in the sale of Tokens will be
sufficient for the development and integration of the Platform. For the foregoing
or any other reason, the development and integration of the Platform may not be
completed and there is no assurance that its systems, protocols or products will be
launched at all. As such, distributed Tokens may hold little or no worth or value.
(iii) Additional reasons which may result in the termination of the development,
launch or operation of the Platform includes, but is not limited to, (aa) an
unfavourable fluctuation in the value of cryptographic and fiat currencies, (bb)
the inability of the Company and its Affiliates to establish the Platform or the
Tokens’ utility or to resolve technical problems and issues faced in relation to the
development or operation of the Platform or the Token, the failure of commercial
relationships, (cc) intellectual property disputes during development or operation,
and (dd) changes in the future capital needs of the Company or its Affiliates and the
availability of financing and capital to fund such needs. For the aforesaid and other
reasons, the Platform may no longer be a viable project and may be dissolved or

51

simply not launched, negatively impacting the Platform and the potential utility and
value of the Tokens.
(e) There may be lack of demand for the Platform and the services
provided, which would impact the value of the Tokens
(i) There is a risk that upon launching of the Platform, there is a lack of interest from
consumers, merchants, advertisers, and other key participants for the Platform and
the services, and that there may be limited interest and therefore use of the Platform
and the Tokens. Such a lack of interest could impact the operation of the Platform
and the uses or potential value of the Tokens.
(ii) There is a risk of competition from alternative platforms that may have been
established, or even from existing businesses which would target any segment
of the potential users of the Platform fulfilling similar demands, e.g. corporations
targeting advertisers seeking purchase consumer data and market analysis.
Therefore, in the event that the competition results in a lack of interest and demand
for the Platform, the services and the Tokens, the operation of the Platform and the
value of the Tokens may be negatively impacted.
(f) The Company and its Affiliates may experience system failures,
unplanned interruptions in its network or services, hardware or software defects,
security breaches or other causes that could adversely affect the Company or its
Affiliates’ infrastructure network, or the Platform
(i) The Company and its Affiliates are unable to anticipate or detect when there
would be occurrences of hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not
limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and “selfish-mining”
attacks), distributed denials of service or errors, vulnerabilities or defects in the
Platform, the Tokens, or any technology (including but not limited to smart contract
technology) on which the Company, its Affiliates, the Platform, the Tokens, rely on
or the Ethereum Blockchain or any other blockchain. Such events may include, for
example, flaws in programming or source code leading to exploitation or abuse
thereof. The Company and its Affiliates may not be able to detect such issues in
a timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources to efficiently cope with
multiple service incidents happening simultaneously or in rapid succession.
(ii) attacks on its appliances or its infrastructure, which are critical for the
maintenance of the Platform and its other services, there can be no assurance
that cyber-attacks, such as distributed denials of service, will not be attempted in
the future, and that any of such security measures will be effective. Any significant
breach of security measures or other disruptions resulting in a compromise of the
usability, stability and security of the Company and its Affiliates’ network or services,
including the Platform.
Risks Relating to the Participation in the Sale of Tokens
(a) You may not be able to recover the purchase amount paid for the
Tokens
(i)Except as provided under any applicable terms of sale or prescribed by applicable
laws and regulations, the Company is not obliged to provide you with a refund of the
purchase amount. No promises of future performance or price are or will be made in
respect to the Tokens, including promises of inherent value or continuing payments,
and there is no guarantee that the Tokens will hold any particular value. Therefore,
the recovery of the purchase amount may be impossible or may be subject to
applicable laws and regulations.
(b) You may be subject to adverse legal and/or tax implications as a
result of the purchase, distribution and use of the Tokens
(i) The legal character of cryptocurrency and cryptographic assets remain uncertain.
There is a risk that the Tokens may be considered securities in certain jurisdictions,
or may be considered to be securities in certain jurisdictions in the future. The
Company and its Affiliates does not provide any warranty or guarantee as to how
the Tokens will be classified, and each purchaser will bear all consequences of
the Tokens being considered securities in their respective jurisdictions, and bear
the responsibility of the legality, use and transfer of the Tokens in the relevant
jurisdictions.
(ii) Further, the tax treatment of the acquisition or disposal of such cryptocurrency
or cryptographic assets might depend on whether they are classified as securities,
assets, currency or otherwise. As the tax characterisation of the Tokens remains
indeterminate, you must seek your own tax advice in connection with the purchase,
acquisition or disposal of the Tokens, which may result in adverse tax consequences
or tax reporting requirements for you.
(c) The loss or compromise of information relating to the purchaser
wallet and your Platform ID may affect your access to and possession of the
Tokens
(i) There is a risk that you may lose access to and possession of the Tokens
permanently due to loss of unique personal ID created on the Platform, and
other identification information, loss of requisite private key(s) associated with
the purchaser wallet or vault storing the Tokens or any other kind of custodial or
purchaser errors.
(d) Blockchains may face congestion and transactions may be
delayed or lost
(i) Most blockchains used for cryptocurrency transactions (e.g. Ethereum) are
prone to periodic congestion during which transactions can be delayed or lost.
Individuals may also intentionally spam the network in an attempt to gain an
advantage in purchasing cryptographic tokens. This may result in a situation where
v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

block producers may not include your purchase of the Tokens when you intends to
transact, or your transaction may not be included at all.
Privacy and data retention issues
(a) As part of the Token sales, the verification processes and the
subsequent operation of the Platform, the Company may collect personal
information from you. The collection of such information is subject to applicable
laws and regulations. All information collected will be used for purposes of the Token
sales and operations of the Platform, thus it may be transferred to contractors,
service providers and consultants worldwide as appointed by the Company. Apart
from external compromises, the Company and its appointed entities may also suffer
from internal security breaches whereby their employees may misappropriate,
misplace or lose personal information of purchasers. The Company may be required
to expend significant financial resources to alleviate problems caused by any
breaches or losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory or government
authorities. Any information breaches or losses will also damage the Company’s
reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects.
Macro Risks

(a) General global market and economic conditions may have an
adverse impact on the Company and its Affiliates’ operations and the use of the
Platform
(i) The Company and its Affiliates could be affected by general global economic and
market conditions. Challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time to
time, contributed, and may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the information
technology industry at large. Weakness in the economy may have a negative effect
on the Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies, results of operations and
prospects.
(i) Suppliers on which the Platform relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other
services could also be negatively impacted by economic conditions that, in turn,
could have a negative impact on the Company and its Affiliates’ operations or
expenses.
(iii) There can be no assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions or
worsening economic conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have
a significant adverse impact on the Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies,
results of operations and prospects and hence the Platform, which may in turn
impact the value of the Tokens.
(b) The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies,
cryptocurrencies, Tokens, offering of Tokens, and the Platform remain uncertain,
and any changes, regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the
development of the Platform and the utility of the Tokens
(i) Regulation of the Tokens, the offer and sale of Tokens, cryptocurrencies,
blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges is currently undeveloped or
underdeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve. Such regulation also varies significantly
among different jurisdictions, and is hence subject to significant uncertainty. The
various legislative and executive bodies in different jurisdictions may in the future
adopt laws, regulations, guidance, or other actions, which may severely impact the
development and growth of the Platform, the adoption and utility of the Tokens or
the issue, offer, and sale of the Tokens by the Company. Failure by the Company and
its Affiliates or users of the Platform to comply with any laws, rules and regulations,
some of which may not exist yet or are subject to interpretation and may be subject
to change, could result in a variety of adverse consequences against the Company
and its Affiliates, including civil penalties and fines.
(ii) Blockchain networks also face an uncertain regulatory landscape in many foreign
jurisdictions. Various jurisdictions may, in the near future, adopt laws, regulations or
directives that affect the Platform, and therefore, the value of the Tokens. Such laws,
regulations or directives may directly and negatively impact the operations of the
Company and its Affiliates. The effect of any future regulatory change is impossible
to predict, but such change could be substantial and could materially adverse to the
development and growth of the Platform and the adoption and utility of the Tokens.
(iii) To the extent that the Company and its Affiliates may be required to obtain
licences, permits and/or approvals (collectively, the “Regulatory Approvals”) to carry
out its business, including that of the creation of the Tokens and the development
and operation of the Platform, but are unable to obtain such Regulatory Approvals or
if such Regulatory Approvals are not renewed or revoked for whatever reason by the
relevant authorities, the business of the Company and its Affiliates may be adversely
affected.
(iv) There is no assurance that more stringent requirements will not be imposed
upon the Company and its Affiliates by the relevant authorities in the future, or that
the Company and its Affiliates will be able to adapt in a timely manner to changing
regulatory requirements. These additional or more stringent regulations may restrict
the Company and its Affiliates’ ability to operate its business and the Company and
its Affiliates may face actions for non-compliance if it fails to comply with any of
such requirements.
(v) Further, should the costs (financial or otherwise) of complying with such newly
implemented regulations exceed a certain threshold, maintaining the Platform
may no longer be commercially viable and the Company and its Affiliates may opt
to discontinue the Platform and/or the Tokens. Further, it is difficult to predict how
or whether governments or regulatory authorities may implement any changes to
laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications,
including the Platform and the Tokens. The Company and its Affiliates may also

52

have to cease operations in a jurisdiction that makes it illegal to operate in such
jurisdiction, or make it commercially unviable or undesirable to obtain the necessary
regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction. In scenarios such as the
foregoing, the distributed Tokens may hold little or no worth or value.
(c) There may be risks relating to acts of God, natural disasters, wars,
terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases
and other events beyond the control of the Company and its Affiliates
(i) The sale of the Tokens and the performance of the Company, its Affiliates and/
or the Platform’s activities may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to acts of
God, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread
communicable diseases and other events beyond the control of the Company and
its Affiliates. Such events could also lead to uncertainty in the economic outlook of
global markets and there is no assurance that such markets will not be affected,
or that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. In such events, the
Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies, results of operations and outlook
may be materially and adversely affected, and the demand for and use of the
Tokens and the Platform may be materially affected. Further, if an outbreak of such
infectious or communicable diseases occurs in any of the countries in which the
Company, its Affiliates, and the participants of the Platform have operations in the
future, market sentiment could be adversely affected and this may have a negative
impact on the Platform and its community.
(d) Blockchain and cryptocurrencies, including the Tokens are
a relatively new and dynamic technology. In addition to the risks highlighted
herein, there are other risks associated with your purchase of, holding and use
of the Tokens, including those that we cannot anticipate. Such risks may further
materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks discussed
herein.

1.6 No Further Information or Update

No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation
not contained in this Whitepaper in connection with the Tokens, the Platform, the
Company or its Affiliates and their respective businesses and operations, and, if
given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been
authorised by or on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates.

1.7 Language

This Whitepaper may be translated into other languages. If any disagreement should
arise due to different language translations, the version in English will prevail.

1.8 No Advice

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal,
financial or tax advice regarding the Token, the Platform, the Company or its
Affiliates. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional
advisor(s) regarding the Token, the Company or its Affiliates and their respective
businesses and operations. You should be aware that you may be required to bear
the financial risk of any purchase of the Tokens for an indefinite period of time.

Follow us :
Website: https://piction.network
Telegram: https://t.me/pictionnetwork
v1.1.3 / Jan 2019
Copyright © 2018 Piction Network. All right reserved.

