Block-Logic
TECHNOLOGY GROUP LTD

Who is Block-Logic

Block-Logic Technology Group (Block-Logic) was established in June 2018. Block-Logic is a reinvention
of the Bitcoin Lightning project formed in late 2017. After a community vote for a new and broader
Committee team to take over, the project was re-branded and launched as Block-Logic to better align
with its vision and goals. Today the Block-Logic Committee consists of developers and team members
from every corner of the globe, all working towards the Block-Logic mission.

Block-Logic’s Mission

Our mission is to bring the benefits of Blockchain and distributed services to Consumers and Small
to Medium Enterprises. We will transform these technologies from catchphrases to a usable set of
services that will add incredible value to our customers. By developing a decentralised Ecosystem,
Block-Logic will bring to market products that are easy to access, use and migrate to in addition to
being simple/easy to administer. These products and services will extend the use of Blockchain in ways
consumers are not able to today.

Our Ecosystem

Block-Logic is building the next generation Peer-to-Peer Intelligent Data Platform. This Ecosystem will
be backed by the following core services:
Block-Protect: A method that allows consumers and businesses to store and retrieve their digital files
in a safe, secure, encrypted manner. This platform will be extended to provide business with permanent
and immutable copy of their data for record keeping which can comply with strict business requirement
around data retention.
Block-Pay: A method that allows businesses and individuals to pay for goods with our native token
(BLTG). Block-Pay will also allow users to spend BLTG in physical world for everyday shopping via a
credit card.
Block-Purchase: A method for business to sell goods online with the ability to accept fiat/cryptocurrency
for the payment of goods. It will also provide a platform for any users to run their own E-commence
store.
Distributed Database: A method to provide a scalable database storage system for small and medium
enterprises to provide a high availability/redundancies and geographically disperse database solution.
InterPlanetary File System (IPFS ) Storage: A method to provide enterprises or individuals with a
cheap, secure and instant access to all of their digital file. A user can store a vast amount of digital files
in a decentralised network to provide a fault tolerance, scalable and immutable record of their file.
Indexer: An API service to extract metadata from digital files to enhance searchability.
Identity Management: To provide a secure and consistent user experience, Block-Logic will deploy
an Identity Access Management (IAM) solution. This will allow granular control over who has access
to Block-Logic resources and in-application services. Over time IAM will be extended to allow
authentication from social accounts like Google, Microsoft, Facebook etc. In addition, where possible
all Block-Logic Web Applications will allow for Multi Factor Authentication (MFA), this will be provided
as a recommended option when accessing a Block-Logic secure web or mobile application.
Version 1.01 - last updated 26 November 2018

Block-Logic’s Ecosystem

Distributed
Database

IPFS

Complementary
Services

Exchanges

IAM

010010
100100

Indexer

Fiat to BLTG

Block-Protect

Un

ifie

Fiat

BLT
Ga

sU

dA

PI

Block-Pay

Int
erf
ace

Grow BLTG Adoption BLTG Applications

Apps

Market Place

titi

ly T
ok
en

Earn BLTG/Fiat Partnership Eco-system

Wallet

BlockPurchase

BLTG Credit Card

Monthly
Subscription Fee

Masternode Owners Validate Transactions

Masternode

Staking Rewards

Hold Full Chain

Discover New Blocks

Enforce Security

Datanodes

Store
Block-Purchase Data

Datanode Owners

Stores IPFS Data

Block-Logic reserved the rights to adjust the proposed ecosystem based on market condition and technology change

All services will be made accessible through an industry standard Application Programming Interfaces
(API), enabling the integration between not only products developed by Block-Logic but also partners
and 3rd party developers.

Our Token

The Block-Logic (BLTG) token is a utility token built upon Private Instant Verified Transaction (PIVX)
codebase. This codebase provides a token that is security hardened and industry standardised,
reducing development overhead and effort required to apply our proprietary technologies. The end
result is a faster time to market and quicker adoption of Block-Logic’s products and services.

Block-Logic TG Ltd Leadership

Philadelphia | Miami

England | Germany | Ukraine

Chris @BLTG | cpass78

Jerry @latino

Jürgen @Tesdda

Ricardo @ BLTG | minerric

Korea | Thailand | Melbourne

Ralf @Ralf

Igor @Kul

Hanjun @Aron

Yongrim @Master92

Jarrad @JB

Disclaimer

Block Logic Technology Group Ltd. are not licensed finance professionals. We cannot guarantee that any service
or product in this document will reach consumer release status. Please speak to your financial adviser and do
your own research when considering any investment opportunity.

Wallet

Windows

Mac

Linux

Social Media

Android

Coming soon

iOS

Coming soon

Website

Discord Instagram Telegram

Twitter

