XRT

The X-factor

XRT

The X-factor

Table of Content
• INTRODUCTION…………………………............................. 1
• HISTORY……………………………………................................ 2-3
Anonymous Electronic Cash Protocols
Money through Solving Puzzles
Reusable Proof of Work
Satoshi Nakmoto and BitCoin
VitalikButerin and Ethereum
• Ethereum Smart Contract…………............................
• Proof of Work & Proof of Stake………………………….. 4
• Transactions………………………………...............................
• Verifying Nodes…………………………...............................
• Block Explorer……………………………............................... 5
• XRT The X-Factor…………………………………...................
• XRT Coin Design………………………….............................. 6-7
XRT Coins API
Security Algorithm
XRT Transactions Explorer
XRT Double Spending Proof
• Problems in food industry
• XRT Solutions………………………..................................... 8-9
Secure Network
Low Fee
Third party Intermediaries
Fully Decentralized
Tradable
User Protection
Sufficient supply
• XRT Services……………………………................................. 10-12
Wallets
Global Exchanges
e-bills
Staking
Mobile App
XRT advertising
XRT Platform

•

•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Use Cases…………………………………...........................
13
Ease-of-use
Availability
Available in different Market
Fast & Secure
Marketing…………………………………........................... 14-15
Social Media advertising
SEO & SEM
Promoters
Opportunity for other well growing projects
Team members………………………….......................... 16
Roadmap………………………………................................
17
Partnerships…………………………............................... 18
Token Sale…………………………………………….............. 19-20
Token sale Details.................................................
21
Total Supply & Allocation..................................
22
Fund Allocation...................................................... 23
Listing on exchanges………………...........................
KYC/AML Policy ..................................................... 24
Privacy Policy...........................................................
Social links……………………………................................ 25
Contact Support……………………............................... 26

1

XRT

The X-factor

Introduction : Bitcoin and
Crypto currencies
In this paper, we analyze the XRT advanced technology in the Ethereum
Blockchain for online and offline combined services, XRT Foundation Services
are considered the next revolutionary for enhancing blockchain applications
and technologies.
Bitcoin (BTC) was the first crypto currency that was developed in 2009 by
Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency with a constant change in
its variable value according to the amount of supply and demand in the market,
which started at 1 cent in 2009 and today, worth thousands of dollars. Bitcoin
and other Crypto currencies had some challenges in the online payment
systems such as the Double spending, reverse payments, security, and
anonymity. They succeeded in maintaining some aspects for users worldwide
just like anonymity, fast transactions, low fees, and security. The most important
aspect of Bitcoin is its transactions being processed through Blockchain
Technology, which converts any transaction to a shape of block being verified
among users or nodes in the network as it is decentralized. This allows many
developers to cite alternative applications of Blockchain using digital tokens or
assets in order to represent other assets or coins with the enhancement of
financial transactions.
XRT Foundation intends to enhance the performance of transactions and
applied application through the Ethereum smart contract, using enhanced ways
in providing real applications and lifetime payments through the hashing
algorithm for encryption/decryption to provide more secured transactions,
lowering the transactions fees, and allowing users to fully depend on XRT Coins
to do their real business in a safe and secured manner.

2

XRT

The X-factor

History
The Decentralized Digital Currency Concept has been under study for decades
where there might be no authority in the middle of transactions, Bitcoin (as the
first crypto currency) succeeds to provide anonymous transactions without
exposing the identity of the sender or receiver, which led to a real practical way to
provide security to users and anonymity control among the world.
Anonymous Electronic Cash Protocols
The anonymous 1980s and 1990s electronic cash protocols were mostly
dependable on a crypt-graphic primitive called Chaumian Blinding that
provided new currencies with privacy control, however their underlying
protocols failed to gain attraction because they were depending on a Centralized
Authority
Money through Solving Puzzles
In 1998, Wei Dai's b-money succeed to become the first proposal to introduce an
innovation idea, which depends on creating money through solving
computational puzzles and Decentralization, however that proposal did not
actually show how a decentralized environment can be implemented.

Reusable Proof of Work
In 2005, Hal Finney introduced a new concept of "reusable proofs of work,"
which is a whole system that uses combined ideas from b-money and Adam
Back's computationally Hash cash puzzles in order to create a new concept for
Crypto Currency, however it failed shortly because it relied on trusted
computing mechanism as a backend.

3

XRT

The X-factor

Satoshi Nakmoto and Bitcoin
In 2009, Bitcoin as the first decentralized currency was implemented in practice
by Satoshi Nakamoto that combined primitives to manage ownership of Bitcoins
through public key cryptography with a hashing algorithm in order to keep track
or blockchain of who owns coins, known as "proof of work".
Vitalik Buterin and Ethereum
In late 2013, Ethereum, "which is another Crypto currency" was proposed by
Vitalik Buterin, a crypto currency researcher and programmer. Development of
Ethereum (ETH) was funded by an online crowdsale between July and August
2014. The system went live on 30 July 2015, with 11.9 million coins "premined" for
the crowdsale. This accounts for approximately 13 percent of the total circulating
supply. ETH started with price less than 1 dollar and today 1 ETH equals
hundreds of dollars.

4

XRT

The X-factor

Ethereum Smart Contract
XRT Coins are designed through Ethereum Smart Contract which is a secured
decentralized platform for applications that run exactly as programmed without
any chance of fraud, censorship, or third-party interference. Ethereum allows
developers to program their own smart contracts. It supports a broader set of
computational instructions. Ethereum Smart contracts are able to:
Function as 'multi-signature' accounts, so that funds are spent only when a
required percentage of people agree.
Manage agreements between users, say, if one buys insurance from another one.
Provide utility to other contracts.
Store information about an application, such as domain, registration
information or membership records.

Proof of Work and Proof of Stake
Proof of work (POW) provides a simple algorithm that allows network nodes to
vote or verify some updates of the Bitcoin ledger and allows a free entry to this
process to solve the problem of who gets to influence the consensus with
preventing attacks. POW alternates a formal barrier to participation, such as each
single node power in the verifying process is depending on the computing power
that the node brings. After that, problem of huge power and electricity fees began
to appear in order to continue working with the proof of work, which led to a new
alternative approach called proof of stake.
Proof of Stake (POS) is an approach that works through calculating the weight of
a node according to its currency staking or holding only, which means more
power and electricity saving. These two approaches, proof of work and proof of
stake can be used for any crypto currency.

5

XRT

The X-factor

Transactions
Each Transaction is being placed using a wallet (web wallet, Windows wallet,
IOS Wallet, or Mobile Wallet) as a block in the Blockchain in order to be verified
or voted among the nodes in the network, that is the Miners’ work in the Proof
of Work and Stakers’ work in the Proof of stake.

Verifying Nodes
Transactions can be processed in less time depending on many people interested
in mining and staking, allowing computers to verify nodes in the network so as to
gain some profits, those verifying nodes make the network alive as long as there
are active nodes in the peer to peer network.

Block Explorer
Anyone can check the Blockchain of any crypto currency
"whether it is a separated challenging coin or even if it is a token created using
a smart contract of another coin" and the number of blocks processed through
the Block-Explorer. However, no one can know the exact owner or receiver of
any transactions that provides privacy and anonymity for network users.

6

XRT

The X-factor

XRT: The X-factor
Foundation
XRT Foundation is a non-profit online food platform founded by two young and
enthusiastic entrepreneurs 'MJ Paul' & 'Anil Kumar'. It seeks to be partnered with
the big companies working in food sector, using its own Crypto currency named
XRT.
It aims to solve the vital payment problems occurring in Food industry
where the XRT coin will be the substitute of 'card n cash payments'.
The primary goal is to use Blockchain technology to solve the many
inconvenience of the payment process in restaurants and other food stores like
cafes and all, using our XRT platform. Through our XRT mobile app, we will be
providing customers an instant & secure payment method solution using our
XRT Token. Card payments will finally be hassle-free and the customers will
become more comfortable while paying at a restro or anywhere else.

XRT Coin Design
XRT Coins API
XRT Coin API allows developers to add XRT Coins as a local or global payment
method. The Businesses working in the field of Food & Beverages are starting
their co-operation with XRT Foundation to accept XRT Coins to achieve further
steps for higher values. You are able to pay at restaurants and cafes or for services
using XRT Coins that proves more reliability, success, higher value, and better
future.

7

XRT

The X-factor

Security Algorithm
XRT Engineers came out with the right decision of choosing the Ethereum Smart
Contract as a secured Hashing Algorithm used in the token creation, as it is
secured with digital Private Key Signatures that provide private and instant
transactions module for XRT Coins, besides providing an advanced bonuses for
members and holders to get advantages while buying XRT Coins with special
bonuses and incentives in the ICO. Those advantages would support XRT
Community as a supportive step towards holding XRT Coins in the safest ways
online and offline.
XRT Transactions Explorer
XRT Transactions are processed on the Ethereum Blockchain which means you
are able to explore the transactions of the XRT Coins any time to know more
about the expanding traffic of transactions in the same moment they occur
through ethplorer.io , etherscan.io , and many more with respect to the privacy of
our users.
XRT Double Spending Proof
Double-spending is a potential flaw in a Crypto currency scheme in which the
same coin can be spent more than once. This is possible as a leak of security
because each coin consists of a digital file that can be duplicated.
XRT Coin is created by the Ethereum system, which contains the NONCE that
protects from the Double-Spending issue, in order to keep transaction related to
an account in order, i.e. if there is a transaction with nonce 3 related to some
accounts in the Tx-pool and some transactions with nonce 4 arrived then that
transaction won't be mined until and unless transaction with nonce 3 is mined.

8

XRT

The X-factor

Problems in food industry
We generally face problems when we pay at a restaurant or anywhere else. For
example, sometimes we afraid of paying with a credit or debit card as there are
chances of the theft of our card details like PIN or etc.
Credit card - affiliated payment processors while more secure, can be expensive
for online retailers. Added to the expense is the lack of interface between
processing systems. We have to be dependent over the third parties like Banks or
other Financial institutes. Even we face sometimes liquidity issues also.
Resulting in, processing & payment delays, lost transactions and expensive fees. It
all results in the disreputation of the restros that's why the both owner & the
customer are uncomfortable in this method. XRT Foundation has come in the
existence to solve this issue.

XRT Solutions
XRT will be used as a payment mode in food industry. In every sector, A customer
always wants such a payment gateway which is fast & secure. By addressing the
following purpose, we are building a very fast and convenient mobile app which
will be available for both Android and iOS users. XRT will have some specific
features through it’s different platforms. These are :
Secure Network :
It is technically more safe than a credit or debit cards as it is using a secure
network of ethereum blockchain.
Low Fee :
XRT has a minimum transaction fees through it’s network as it is following ERC20 protocol.

9

XRT

The X-factor

Third Party Intermediaries :
With blockchain, cryptology replaces third-party intermediaries as the keeper of
trust, with all participants running complex algorithms to certify the integrity of
the whole. The use of blockchain can reduce overhead costs when parties trade
assets directly with each other, or quickly prove ownership of information.
Fully digitalized :
XRT will lead to a digitalization of XRT to the common public through it’s
revolutionary mobile application which will be easily acceciable throughout the
world.
Tradable :
XRT will be available to trade on authentic and popular Global & Domestic
exchanges which has a very high volume on their trades. A good Exchange has a
very special role in the growth of a crypto currency
User Protection :
XRT protects users against his personal information, privacy, his transactions
and other data while using our platform. It provides secure access to the web and
web-based applications with the help of our advanced featured network and
technology which makes a trusted and healthy environment for users.
Sufficient Supply :
XRT is having a sufficient supply of 500 Million coins to feed it's requirements for
developing XRT platform worldwide.

10

XRT

The X-factor

XRT Services

XRT Services and Crowd-Projects are considered as the back-bone of XRT coins,
The main purposes of XRT Coins Issuance are demonstrating a real life
applications with global usage for XRT users with the opportunity of
contributing to XRT Projects in different fields. XRT Foundation offers some of
the advanced products and services through the Global Decentralized Network
based on the Blockchain Technology such as wallets, Global exchanges, mobile
app, e-Bills, crypto e-pay, XRT Advertising etc.
Wallets
XRT Users are eligible to send and receive their XRT Coins through ERC-20
Wallets on Mobiles, Tablets, PCs, and Laptops. Also we are bringing our own
wallets for Android, iOS and Web.
Global Exchanges
XRT Coins will exchanged into any other currency like $,€, £, ¥ etc, and into any
other crypto currency like BTC, ETH, BCC, LTC, etc, through different global
exchanges.
This service is considered as a breakthrough in the crypto currency market that
reveals a clear desire of the XRT Foundation to embrace the crypto currency
market with stability and credibility as a fundamental element of its growth and
user focus strategies.
e-Bills
The electronic bills can be generated through our advanced mobile application
when a customer pay at restaurants and cafes. The bills could be generated
through calculating the total XRT paid by a customer to the owner which will
include some necessary features like transaction time, date, amount, discounts,
cash backs received owners name and wallet address.

11

XRT

The X-factor

Staking
Proof of stake is a typical computer algorithm through which some crypto
currencies achieve their distributed consensus. It is also a better alternative to
the proof of work algorithm by achieving the same distributed consensus at a
lower cost and in a more energy efficient way. This provides dual benefits of
securing the blockchain network as well as creating an opportunity for users to
get incentives or dividends on their holdings. XRT is working on the concepts of
Proof of Stake which detailed information about it’s working module through
XRT platform will be provided in the Whitepaper 2.0

Mobile App
XRT will launch a mobile app which will have very special features for both
Android and iOS, like :
1. Wallet security algorithms with email confirmation, authenticator and OTP
verifications
2. KYC compulsion for every user whether he is customer or owner.
3. Creating invoice on each transaction
4. Acceptable in multiple countries
5. Instant send and receive
6. Cash Backs and other special offers and rewards
7. Conversion of XRT into another currency (Fiat & Crypto)
8. Latest updates and news about XRT token as well as condition of market.

12

XRT

The X-factor

XRT Advertising
XRT Foundation aims to become a very popular platform which will be very
beneficial for the restros owners to advertise their restaurants, bars and cafes
through our mobile app. It will create a history in the digital market. The
common public will be able to see the star ranking for the restros in their near
location. The popularity and specialties of the restaurants could be read out
through the special features given in the mobile app.

XRT platform
We are coming with a very unique concept which will make the XRT very
popular and usable in the digital as well as real world. We aim to become the
largest payment platform for the food industry in all over Asia. To achieve this
goal, we are making our platform flexible as much as possible by providing the
all facilities suitable for digital payment. Even one can get the rewards and other
benefits for holding XRTs in their wallets. We are working on such features
which will be beneficial for both customers and owners.

13

XRT

The X-factor

Use Cases
The concept of XRT Foundation is built around utility, ease-of-access, efficiency
and privacy.
The app’s simplistic and intuitive design allows all kinds of users to store, send
and receive XRT Tokens.
XRT Foundation stands as a fully AML/KYC and MSB compliant product assuring
a safe environment for all users. Some major use cases are detailed below:
Ease-of-Use
All interactions with the exchange will be through the app which is designed to
specifically cater to non-technical people, without encroaching on the quality of
experience. The simple design is easy to understand and use. The goal is to offer
the same experience to all people from all walks of life.
Availability
Buying crypto in most countries is a lengthy and tiring process. Financial systems
are not ready to move over to the blockchain yet, primarily because a P2P network
is contradictory to the existence of their profit-based institutions. XRT App will be
available for download globally except some countries and users will have equal
access to run it.
Available in different markets
XRT Token will be available in different markets such as ethereum, doge etc. on
various exchanges for the convenience of the customers.
Fast & Secure
XRT is developed using ERC-20 protocol of ethereum blockchain. As we everyone
knows it is the fastest and easiest medium for crypto transactions. It is more
secure than conventional method of transactions such as banking. It's protocol is
easier to understand and build. It uses P2P network protocol and doesn't involve
the interaction of third parties which makes it secure than others.

14

XRT

The X-factor

Marketing
XRT Foundation, with its multi-faceted model, is a brand name. It is vital for the
enabler to be recognized and trusted in the community and in order to do that,
the focus must be in creating brand familiarization among the public. XRT
Foundation will make use of various social media platform to maximize its
potential outreach.

Social Media Advertising
Social media is the frontline for any project or organization to interact with their
communities and customers. XRT Foundation has been using its social media to
keep the masses up to date with the development process, announcements,
Airdrops and bounties, Twitter, Telegram, Facebook and Bitcointalk. Running
social media ad campaigns tends to be more cost-effective than Google Ad so a
large part of the marketing campaigns will be dedicated to social media, in the
time leading up to full application launch.

SEO and SEM
In order to generate traffic towards the website, blogs optimized for SEO will be
shared sites frequented by users sharing interests in the crypto-space. Not only
will these articles create traffic, they will discuss key informational topics as well.
Paid advertising is also important to gain a steady flow traffic.

15

XRT

The X-factor

Promoters
Promotional campaigns are extremely vital for XRT Foundation in the early
stages of development. These campaigns focus on creating awareness by
leveraging the target audiences of popular and reputed social promoters. The
promoters help introduce your project to the masses & generally help build
credibility for the brand, and they often use social media platforms to
communicate with their audiences. This immediately grants XRT Foundation
access to various markets around the world. Since the project is heavily invested
in community building, users, will be able to gain some rewards for inviting
friends to join (referral bonus) somewhere.

Opportunity for other well growing projects
We know there is a very important role of a well growing companies especially
when they are in it’s early stage. Every good project is ready to get tie up with the
other project if they understand its advantages. We as XRT Foundation offer
various projects to join our platform. Becoming a part of XRT will also lead them
to huge audience through our strong marketing strategies.

XRT

16

The X-factor

Team Members
MJ Paul
CEO & Founder

Anil Kumar
COO & Co founder

Govind
CIO & CCO

Suman
MD

Sagar

Vikas

CTO

CMO

Ram
Advisor

Satish
Advisor

17

The X-factor

Roadmap
2017
Q-4:
* Project planning and market research
* Tie up with technical experts and advisors
* Analyzing problems occurring in food industry
* Study the whole infrastructure of crypto currencies and Blockchain
2018
Q-1:
* Website deployment
* Releasing Roadmap
* Mobile app for Android
* Releasing Whitepaper 1.0
Q-2:
* Airdrop & Bounties
* Marketing and promotional activities
* Events and partnerships
* Start Pre-sale and ICOs
Q-3:
* Distribution of Airdrop and Bounties
* Release of Whitepaper 2.0
* Apply for listing on exchanges
* Mobile app for iOS
* End of ICO
* Launching Windows and Linux wallet
* Listing on domestic and overseas exchanges

XRT

18

XRT

The X-factor

Q-4:
* Tie-up with food giants in Asia
* Launching Mac wallet
* Own restaurants and franchises
* Business tour in Asia for development of XRT Foundation
* Advanced features in mobile application
* Listing on more Exchanges

Partnerships
We are going to be partnered and tied up with 2000+ food giants by the end of
year 2020. We are working very hard to reach out our partnership goal for the
development of our XRT Foundation and for easily acceptance of XRT at many
restaurants, bars and cafes. Moreover, the companies which are not related to
food sector, will also be served at our XRT platform if they are suitable or
beneficial for the future development of XRT Foundation.

19

XRT

The X-factor

Token Sale
Token sale participants should be aware of matters of progress and check
information provided by XRT Foundation.
• In order to launch and grow the XRT decentralized network, XRT Foundation is
undertaking a Token Sale that will provide institutional and individual
contributors with the opportunity to participate in the XRT project.
• There are 66% of Total supply allocated for the Token sale which is equal to
330000000 XRT.
• The whole event of Token Sale is divided into Two Parts; Pre-sale (includes only
one Phase) and ICO (includes Three Phases).
• Prices of XRT are fixed in Ethereum in every phase of ICO. But to convert it in
USD, we have assumed Ethereum equal to 1000 USD to avoid its fluctuations.
THIS IS JUST TO SHOW THE PRICES OF XRT IN USD FOR THE CONVINIENCE
OF THE USERS. PRICES ARE ORIGINALLY FIX IN ETHEREUM ONLY.
• Hard Cap = 40000 Ethereum
• Soft Cap = 4000 Ethereum
• Minimum Purchase = 0.1 ETH
• Maximum Purchase = 80 ETH
• We accept multiple crypto currencies as payment; We recommend buyers to
convert them into Ethereum while purchasing XRT. Also the converted XRT will
be available there on the website. Below crypto currencies are acceptable :
Ethereum
( ETH
) )
Ethereum
( ETH
Bitcoin
( BTC()BTC )
Bitcoin
Digibyte
( DGB
)
Digibyte
( DGB
)
Binance
Coin
( BNB
) )
Binance
Coin
( BNB
Monero
( XMR
)
Monero
( XMR
)
Dash (Dash
DASH)
( DASH)
LiteCoin
( LTC( )LTC )
LiteCoin

20

XRT

The X-factor

• Participants who have not completed the KYC / AML process, can apply for
revert back his payment to the same address only before ICO ends.
• Their payment will be returned back within 30 days only after the end of ICO
after deducting 5 % charge to cover the fluctuation loss, service fees, time and
procedure costs.
• If the total supply of XRT for the pre-sale and ICO sold out before the provided
dates, the sale will be closed.
• XRT’s intention is to enable a broad base of community members to participate
in the token sale. As the total number of tokens available in the presale and
crowdsale will be capped, XRT cannot guarantee that all prospective purchasers
from the whitelist will be able to acquire their desired allocations during the
Pre-sale.
• Further information regarding timelines, discounts, bonuses, KYC procedures,
restricted countries and supported payment methods will be made available on
XRT’s website as the token sale draws closer.

Token Details
Contract
Address :
Token
Details
Token Details
0x99092a458B405fB8C06c5A3AA01CFFd826019568
Contract
Address
:
Contract
Address
:
Symbol : XRT
0x99092a458B405fB8C06c5A3AA01CFFd826019568
0x99092a458B405fB8C06c5A3AA01CFFd826019568
Decimal : 18
Symbol
: XRT
Symbol
: XRT XRT
Total Supply
: 500000000
Decimal
: 18
Decimal
: 18
Maximum supply
: 1000000000
XRT
Total Supply : 500000000 XRT
Total Supply : 500000000 XRT
Maximum supply : 1000000000 XRT

Maximum supply : 1000000000 XRT

21

Token Sale Details
Pre-sale
Price 1 XRT = 0.000100 ETH
Start Date = 1st June 2018 (00:01 IST)
End Date = 30th June 2018 (11:59 IST)
Bonus = 50%
Coins 1 ETH = 10000 + 50% Bonus

ICO Phase 1
Price 1 XRT = 0.000125 ETH
Start Date = 11th July 2018 (00:01 IST)
End Date = 26th July 2018 (11:59 IST)
Bonus = 30%
Coins 1 ETH = 8000 + 30% Bonus
ICO Phase 2
Price 1 XRT = 0.000167 ETH
Start Date = 1st August 2018 (00:01 IST)
End Date = 15th August 2018 (11:59 IST)
Bonus = 15%
Coins 1 ETH = 6000 + 15% Bonus
ICO Phase 3 (Final)
Price 1 XRT = 0.000250 ETH
Start Date = 16th August 2018 (00:01 IST)
End Date = 30th August 2018 (11:59 IST)
Bonus = 5%
Coins 1 ETH = 4000 + 5%

XRT

The X-factor

XRT

22

The X-factor

Token supply and
allocations
For all intents and purposes, the total supply of XRT tokens during the formative
stages of the network will be limited to 500,000,000 XRT. Tokens will be
allocated in accordance with the chart below
Foundation
6%
Strategic Partners
8%
Team Members
10%

Airdrop & bounties
10%

• ICO (66%)
• Foundation (6%)
• Strategic Partners (8%)
• Team Member (10%)
• Airdrop & Bounties (10%)

ICO
66%

330000000 XRT
30000000 XRT
40000000 XRT
50000000 XRT
50000000 XRT

XRT

23

The X-factor

Fund Allocation
Operation
25%

Reserve
25%

Marketing
12%

Business

Developement
20%
Technology
18%

Remaining coins will be properly
distributed among/for/to:
• Rewards for Future Promotions
• Cyber Security & Development
• Future beneficial Projects, Events, Tours and Project Partnerships
• Global Exchanges to be exchanged on the long term
• Private/company Holding Reserves
• Liquidity for the development of organization

24

XRT

The X-factor

Listing on Exchanges
Trust is the only key to success. There is a very important role of an exchange in
the success of any coin. We, being the XRT Foundation will apply to the only
authentic and secure exchanges because we don't want to get mixed with the
unhealthy projects. Our priority will be the trusted exchanges having a very good
volume on their platform.

KYC/AML Policy
XRT Foundation is establishing a platform which will be usable all over the world.
Compliance with the laws and regulations of all jurisdictions is a prerequisite for
XRT Foundation to be operational worldwide.
Compliance with Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti Money Laundering (AML)
regulations and all other relevant international and jurisdictional laws will be
ensured by XRT Foundation. Comprehensive legal compliance will be achieved as
per the country wise legal compliance implementation strategy. Countries with
highest usage of the platform will be given higher priority compared to countries
with law usage.
It is incumbent on all parties purchasing XRTs to comply with all relevant
international and their jurisdiction’s rules and regulations including but not
limited to laws relating to crypto currencies, KYC and AML. Parties purchasing
XRTs should consider these factors prior to purchasing any XRTs.

25

XRT

The X-factor

Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
The policies we are following and the terms & conditions in order to use our
platform in any manner are given at our website in detailed way.

Social Media

26

Contact us
www.xrtfoudation.org

XRT

The X-factor

